ItemType	Name (EN)	Description (EN)
Armour	Shaved	
Armour	Receding	
Armour	Short	
Armour	Swept Back	
Armour	Ponytail	
Armour	Wild	
Armour	Parted Center	
Armour	Semi-Long	
Armour	Curly	
Armour	Bobbed	
Armour	Male 11	
Armour	Male 12	
Armour	Male 13	
Armour	Male 14	
Armour	Male 15	
Armour	Male 16	
Armour	Male 17	
Armour	Male 18	
Armour	Male 19	
Armour	Male 20	
Armour	Shaved	
Armour	Very Short	
Armour	Wave	
Armour	Straight A	
Armour	Straight B	
Armour	Ponytail A	
Armour	Ponytail B	
Armour	Pigtails	
Armour	Bun	
Armour	Braided	
Armour	Female 11	
Armour	Female 12	
Armour	Female 13	
Armour	Female 14	
Armour	Female 15	
Armour	Female 16	
Armour	Female 17	
Armour	Female 18	
Armour	Female 19	
Armour	Female 20	
Armour	Travel Hairstyle	
Armour	Catarina Helm	"Distinctively shaped helm worn by the Knights of Catarina.\nOutside Catarina, it is often ridiculed for its onion-like shape, infuriating the proud knights, but the masterfully forged curved design makes it very effective for parrying."
Armour	Catarina Armor	"Distinctively shaped armor worn by the Knights of Catarina.\nOutside Catarina, it is often ridiculed for its onion-like shape, infuriating the proud knights, but the masterfully forged curved design makes it very effective for parrying."
Armour	Catarina Gauntlets	"Distinctively shaped gauntlets worn by the Knights of Catarina.\nOutside Catarina, they are often ridiculed for their onion-like shape, infuriating the proud knights, but the masterfully forged curved design makes it very effective for parrying."
Armour	Catarina Leggings	"Distinctively shaped leggings worn by the Knights of Catarina.\nOutside Catarina, they are often ridiculed for their onion-like shape, infuriating the proud knights, but the masterfully forged curved design makes it very effective for parrying."
Armour	Paladin Helm	"Helm of Leeroy, Paladin of the Catacombs.\nLong ago, the Way of White produced its first Undead, a paladin in golden armor. With the legendary treasures Grant and Sanctus, Leeroy set out for Lordran, Land of the Gods, in the first Undead mission of the Way of White."
Armour	Paladin Armor	"Armor of Leeroy, Paladin of the Catacombs.\nLong ago, the Way of White produced its first Undead, a paladin in golden armor. With the legendary treasures Grant and Sanctus, Leeroy set out for Lordran, Land of the Gods, in the first Undead mission of the Way of White."
Armour	Paladin Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of Leeroy, Paladin of the Catacombs.\nLong ago, the Way of White produced its first Undead, a paladin in golden armor. With the legendary treasures Grant and Sanctus, Leeroy set out for Lordran, Land of the Gods, in the first Undead mission of the Way of White."
Armour	Paladin Leggings	"Leggings of Leeroy, Paladin of the Catacombs.\nLong ago, the Way of White produced its first Undead, a paladin in golden armor. With the legendary treasures Grant and Sanctus, Leeroy set out for Lordran, Land of the Gods, in the first Undead mission of the Way of White."
Armour	Dark Mask	"Mask of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.\nSome say the skeletal mask of an ancient Darkwraith is partially fused with the flesh of its face."
Armour	Dark Armor	"Armor of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.\nTheir armor transformed, and remains a symbol of the Dark servants and their diabolical art of Lifedrain."
Armour	Dark Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.\nTheir gauntlets transformed, and remain symbol of the Dark servants and their diabolical art of Lifedrain."
Armour	Dark Leggings	"Leggings of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.\nTheir leggings transformed, and remain a symbol of the Dark servants and their diabolical art of Lifedrain."
Armour	Brigand Hood	"Hood worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.\nIn addition to protecting against the blazing sun, dust, and sand, it helps them tell friend from foe in the heat of battle."
Armour	Brigand Armor	Armor worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.\nThe addition of metal over a base of cloth and leather offers good mobility and defense.
Armour	Brigand Gauntlets	Gauntlets worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.\nThe addition of metal over a base of cloth and leather offers good mobility and defense.
Armour	Brigand Trousers	Trousers worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.\nThe addition of metal over a base of cloth and leather offers good mobility and defense.
Armour	Shadow Mask	"Black cloth mask worn by spooks from an Eastern land. Designed so as not to hinder their unique form of martial arts.\nWhile it sacrifices defense for the sake of greater mobility, it does offer resistance to bleeding and poison among other things, perhaps due to the nature of their duties."
Armour	Shadow Garb	"Black cloth garb worn by spooks from an Eastern land. Designed so as not to hinder their unique form of martial arts.\nWhile it sacrifices defense for the sake of greater mobility, it does offer resistance to bleeding and poison among other things, perhaps due to the nature of espionage."
Armour	Shadow Gauntlets	"Black cloth gauntlets worn by spooks from an Eastern land. Designed so as not to hinder their unique form of martial arts.\nWhile they sacrifice defense for the sake of greater mobility, they do offer resistance to bleeding and poison among other things, perhaps due to the nature of espionage."
Armour	Shadow Leggings	"Black cloth leggings worn by spooks from an Eastern land. Designed so as not to hinder their unique form of martial arts.\nWhile they sacrifice defense for the sake of greater mobility, they do offer resistance to bleeding and poison among other things, perhaps due to the nature of espionage."
Armour	Black Iron Helm	"Helm of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.\nBuilt of a special black iron and providing strong defense, notably against fire, but so terribly heavy to be unwieldy to all but Tarkus himself."
Armour	Black Iron Armor	"Armor of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.\nBuilt of a special black iron and providing strong defense, notably against fire, but so terribly heavy to be unwieldy to all but Tarkus himself."
Armour	Black Iron Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.\nBuilt of a special black iron and providing strong defense, notably against fire, but so terribly heavy to be unwieldy to all but Tarkus himself."
Armour	Black Iron Leggings	"Leggings of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.\nBuilt of a special black iron and providing strong defense, notably against fire, but so terribly heavy to be unwieldy to all but Tarkus himself."
Armour	Smough's Helm	"Helm of Smough, the Executioner, protector of the cathedral at the forsaken city of Anor Londo. It offers extremely high defense and can be worn by humans, but not without great difficulty."
Armour	Smough's Armor	"Armor of Smough, the Executioner, protector of the cathedral at the forsaken city of Anor Londo. It offers extremely high defense and can be worn by humans, but not without great difficulty."
Armour	Smough's Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of Smough, the Executioner, protector of the cathedral at the forsaken city of Anor Londo. It offers extremely high defense and can be worn by humans, but not without great difficulty."
Armour	Smough's Leggings	"Leggings of Smough, the Executioner, protector of the cathedral at the forsaken city of Anor Londo. It offers extremely high defense and can be worn by humans, but not without great difficulty."
Armour	Six-Eyed Helm of the Channelers	"Helm of the Channelers, sorcerers that serve Seath the Scaleless. The six eyes arranged in two vertical columns compensate for Seath's lack of sight.\nThe heaviest of protective gear for sorcerers, and imbued with magic."
Armour	Robe of the Channelers	"Robe of the Channelers, sorcerers that serve Seath the Scaleless. Even after the onset of Seath's madness, the \snatchers,\""as they were often called, ventured to far lands to find suitable human specimens.\nThe heaviest of protective gear for sorcerers, and imbued with magic."""
Armour	Gauntlets of the Channelers	"Gauntlets of the Channelers, sorcerers that serve Seath the Scaleless. Even after the onset of Seath's madness, the \snatchers,\""as they were often called, ventured to far lands to find suitable human specimens.\nThe heaviest of protective gear for sorcerers, and imbued with magic."""
Armour	Waistcloth of the Channelers	"Waistcloth of the Channelers, sorcerers that serve Seath the Scaleless. Even after the onset of Seath's madness, the \snatchers,\""as they were often called, ventured to far lands to find suitable human specimens.\nThe heaviest of protective gear for sorcerers, and imbued with magic."""
Armour	Helm of Favor	"Helm of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina's love.\nDuring his solitude, he forsook everything, for he believed in the goddess's love for him."
Armour	Embraced Armor of Favor	"Armor of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina's love.\nThe goddess's arms wrap around it, as if to embrace the wearer."
Armour	Gauntlets of Favor	"Gauntlets of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina's love.\nDuring his solitude, he forsook everything, for he believed in the goddess's love for him."
Armour	Leggings of Favor	"Leggings of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina's love.\nDuring his solitude, he forsook everything, for he believed in the goddess's love for him."
Armour	Helm of the Wise	"A strange helm from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.\nThe two horns are believed to symbolize wisdom."
Armour	Armor of the Glorious	"Strange armor from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.\nThe many medals are believed to symbolize glory."
Armour	Gauntlets of the Vanquisher	"Strange gauntlets from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.\nThe gold bracelets symbolize a vanquisher."
Armour	Boots of the Explorer	"Strange boots from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.\nThe inlaid silver rings symbolize an explorer."
Armour	Stone Helm	"Moss-covered helm of the Stone Knight, defender of the Darkroot Garden.\nThe Stone Knight is a product of ancient magic, and although this helm is also imbued with magic, it is incredibly heavy."
Armour	Stone Armor	"Moss-covered armor of the Stone Knight, defender of the Darkroot Garden.\nThe Stone Knight is a product of ancient magic, and although this armor is also imbued with magic, it is incredibly heavy."
Armour	Stone Gauntlets	"Moss-covered gauntlets of the Stone Knight, defender of the Darkroot Garden.\nThe Stone Knight is a product of ancient magic, and although these gauntlets are also imbued with magic, they are incredibly heavy."
Armour	Stone Leggings	"Moss-covered leggings of the Stone Knight, defender of the Darkroot Garden.\nThe Stone Knight is a product of ancient magic, and although these leggings are also imbued with magic, they are incredible heavy."
Armour	Crystalline Helm	"Helm worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.\nThe crystal provides powerful defense, but it cannot be used for long because it is easily broken and cannot be repaired."
Armour	Crystalline Armor	"Armor worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.\nThe crystal provides powerful defense, but it cannot be used for long because it is easily broken and cannot be repaired."
Armour	Crystalline Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.\nThe crystal provides strong defense, but they cannot be used for long because they are easily broken and cannot be repaired."
Armour	Crystalline Leggings	"Leggings worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.\nThe crystal power provides good defense, but they cannot be used for long because they are easily broken and cannot be repaired."
Armour	Mask of the Sealer	"Mask of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths, and the Four Kings who descended into Dark.\nIt symbolizes their resolve to keep the seal shut forever and their atonement for all who were sacrificed, but two of the three forsook New Londo upon tiring of their duty."
Armour	Crimson Robe	"Robe of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths, and the Four Kings who descended into Dark.\nThe Sealers were once known as healers, and the bright crimson was a symbol of that."
Armour	Crimson Gloves	"Gloves of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths, and the Four Kings who descended into Dark.\nThe Sealers were once known as healers, and the bright crimson was a symbol of that."
Armour	Crimson Waistcloth	"Waistcloth of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths, and the Four Kings who descended into Dark.\nThe Sealers were once known as healers, and the bright crimson was a symbol of that."
Armour	Mask of Velka	"Mask worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.\nThe pardoners listen to the confessions of sinners, urging reflection and salvation. Their masks symbolize separation from worldly desires."
Armour	Black Cleric Robe	"Robe worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.\nThe pardoners' attire is uniformly black in color and said to be imbued with Velka's mystical power, which provides resistance against all manner of magic."
Armour	Black Manchette	"Manchette worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.\nThe pardoners' attire is uniformly black in color and said to be imbued with Velka's mystical power, which provides resistance against all manner of magic."
Armour	Black Tights	"Tights worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.\nThe pardoners' attire is uniformly black in color and said to be imbued with Velka's mystical power, which provides resistance against all manner of magic."
Armour	Iron Helm	"Helm of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Of high quality, but lacking any particular powers.\nSolaire's incredible prowess must have come from rigorous training alone, for his equipment exhibits no special traits."
Armour	Armor of the Sun	"Armor of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. The large holy symbol of the Sun, while powerless, was painted by Solaire himself.\nSolaire's incredible prowess must have come from rigorous training alone, for his equipment exhibits no special traits."
Armour	Iron Bracelet	"Bracelets of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Of high quality, but lacking any particular powers.\nSolaire's incredible prowess must have come from rigorous training alone, for his equipment exhibits no special traits."
Armour	Iron Leggings	"Leggings of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Of high quality, but lacking any particular powers.\nSolaire's incredible prowess must have come from rigorous training alone, for his equipment exhibits no special traits."
Armour	Chain Helm	"A chainmail helm of thin interlinking rings of steel. It is common throughout the human world since it can be easily produced, is not too heavy, and offers good defense.\nKnights may favor flashy armor, but for warriors on the battlefield, anything is fine as long as it keeps them alive."
Armour	Chain Armor	"Chainmail armor of thin interlinking rings of steel. It is common throughout the human world since it can be easily produced, is not too heavy, and offers good defense.\nKnights may favor flashy armor, but for warriors on the battlefield, anything is fine as long as it keeps them alive."
Armour	Leather Gauntlets	Gauntlets made of soft leather. One of the more common kinds of protective gear.
Armour	Chain Leggings	"Chainmail leggings of thin interlinking rings of steel. It is common throughout the human world since it can be easily produced, is not too heavy, and offers good defense.\nKnights may favor flashy armor, but for warriors on the battlefield, anything is fine as long as it keeps them alive."
Armour	Cleric Helm	"Helm worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nIt is rather substantial in size and weight, making its wearer look even bigger than he actually is."
Armour	Cleric Armor	"Armor worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nIt is rather substantial in size and weight, making its wearer look even bigger than he actually is."
Armour	Cleric Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nThey are rather substantial in size and weight, making its wearer look even bigger than he actually is."
Armour	Cleric Leggings	"Leggings worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nThey are rather substantial in size and weight, making its wearer look even bigger than he actually is."
Armour	Sunlight Maggot	"A loathsome parasite that inhabits Lost Izalith. It is completely immobile, yet still lives.\nWhen worn on the head, it emanates blinding light, which is why it is known as a Sunlight Maggot."
Armour	Helm of Thorns	"Helm of Kirk, Knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from its surface.\nIt is a fitting item for the murderous Kirk, for by simply wearing it and rolling, one can damage enemies."
Armour	Armor of Thorns	"Armor of Kirk, Knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from its surface.\nIt is a fitting item for the murderous Kirk, for by simply wearing it and rolling, one can damage enemies."
Armour	Gauntlets of Thorns	"Gauntlets of Kirk, Knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from their surface.\nThey are fitting items for the murderous Kirk, for by simply wearing them and rolling, one can damage enemies."
Armour	Leggings of Thorns	"Leggings of Kirk, Knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from their surface.\nThey are fitting items for the murderous Kirk, for by simply wearing them and rolling, one can damage enemies."
Armour	Standard Helm	"A sturdy helm made of iron. Very common type of protective gear, it provides a sound level of defense.\nIt is wise to wear a sturdy form of head protection against arrows and other physical threats."
Armour	Hard Leather Armor	"Armor made of thick leather. Very common type of protective gear, it provides a sound level of defense."
Armour	Hard Leather Gauntlets	"Gauntlets made of thick leather. Very common type of protective gear, they provide a sound level of defense."
Armour	Hard Leather Boots	"Boots made of thick leather. Very common type of protective gear, they provide a sound level of defense."
Armour	Sorcerer Hat	Hat worn by proper sorcerers who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe majority take pride in having studied at the academy and look down on breaking the formal dress code established for sorcerers.
Armour	Sorcerer Cloak	Cloak worn by proper sorcerers who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe majority take pride in having studied at the academy and look down on breaking the formal dress code established for sorcerers.
Armour	Sorcerer Gauntlets	Gauntlets worn by proper sorcerers who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe majority take pride in having studied at the academy and look down on breaking the formal dress code established for sorcerers.
Armour	Sorcerer Boots	Boots worn by proper sorcerers who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe majority take pride in having studied at the academy and look down on breaking the formal dress code established for sorcerers.
Armour	Tattered Cloth Hood	"Hood worn by pyromancers of the Great Swamp. Though it appears tattered, it is actually quite strong.\nTheir attire offers substantial protection against poison, fire, and other forces of nature out in the hinterlands where they were driven."
Armour	Tattered Cloth Robe	"Robe worn by pyromancers of the Great Swamp. Though it appears tattered, it is actually quite strong.\nTheir attire offers substantial protection against poison, fire, and other forces of nature out in the hinterlands where they were driven."
Armour	Tattered Cloth Manchette	"Manchette worn by pyromancers of the Great Swamp. Though it appears tattered, it is actually quite strong.\nTheir attire offers substantial protection against poison, fire, and other forces of nature out in the hinterlands where they were driven."
Armour	Heavy Boots	"Boots made of thick leather. The boots of the pyromancers are incredibly tough, on account of the rugged grasslands and treacherous swamps they must traverse. Their soles are nearly impenetrable."
Armour	Pharis's Hat	"Broad-brimmed hat favored by the archer hero Pharis.\nPharis was an accomplished archer, and though he was human, he ranked alongside Hawkeye Gough, one of the Four Knights of Lord Gwyn. His hat is universally popular among children."
Armour	Leather Armor	Armor made of soft leather. Very common type of protective gear.
Armour	Leather Gloves	Gloves made of soft leather. Very common type of protective gear.
Armour	Leather Boots	Boots made of soft leather. Very common type of protective gear.
Armour	Painting Guardian Hood	"Hood worn by the alabaster-clothed guardians of the paintings in Anor Londo. Offers substantial protection versus magic.\nThey have guarded the Great Paintings of Ariamis for ages, passing their duty down through the generations, but the reason for doing so passed from all memory long ago."
Armour	Painting Guardian Robe	"Robe worn by the alabaster-clothed guardians of the paintings in Anor Londo. Offers substantial protection versus magic.\nThey have guarded the Great Paintings of Ariamis for ages, passing their duty down through the generations, but the reason for doing so passed from all memory long ago."
Armour	Painting Guardian Gloves	"Gloves worn by the alabaster-clothed guardians of the paintings in Anor Londo. Offer substantial protection versus magic.\nThey have guarded the Great Paintings of Ariamis for ages, passing their duty down through the generations, but the reason for doing so passed from all memory long ago."
Armour	Painting Guardian Waistcloth	"Waistcloth worn by the alabaster-clothed guardians of the paintings in Anor Londo. Offers substantial protection versus magic.\nThey have guarded the Great Paintings of Ariamis for ages, passing their duty down through the generations, but the reason for doing so passed from all memory long ago."
Armour	Ornstein's Helm	"Helm of the dragonslayer Ornstein, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nOrnstein is believed to be the captain of the Four Knights. His golden lion helm is imbued with the power of lightning and should provide good protection against it."
Armour	Ornstein's Armor	"Armor of the dragonslayer Ornstein, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nOrnstein is believed to be the captain of the Four Knights. His golden lion armor is imbued with the power of lightning and should provide good protection against it."
Armour	Ornstein's Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the dragonslayer Ornstein, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nOrnstein is believed to be the captain of the Four Knights. His golden lion gauntlets are imbued with the power of lightning and should provide good protection against it."
Armour	Ornstein's Leggings	"Leggings of the dragonslayer Ornstein, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nOrnstein is believed to be the captain of the Four Knights. His golden lion leggings are imbued with the power of lightning and should provide good protection against it."
Armour	Eastern Helm	"A distinctive helm made in an Eastern land.\nExquisitely crafted, this helm offers excellent defense, particularly versus slash attacks, which are one of the main threats in battles in the East."
Armour	Eastern Armor	"Distinctive armor made in an Eastern Land.\nExquisitely crafted, this armor offers excellent defense, particularly versus slash attacks, which are one of the main threats in battles in the East."
Armour	Eastern Gauntlets	"Distinctive gauntlets made in an Eastern land.\nExquisitely crafted, these gauntlets offer excellent defense, particularly versus slash attacks, which are one of the main threats in battles in the East."
Armour	Eastern Leggings	"Distinctive leggings made in an Eastern land.\nExquisitely crafted, these leggings offer excellent defense, particularly versus slash attacks, which are one of the main threats in battles in the East."
Armour	Xanthous Crown	"A mysterious item once worn by the Xanthous King Jeremiah, the legendary exile. No one knows where it came from.\nThe crown bears high-quality cloth which is quite soft to the touch, but its bright yellow color stings the eyes, and it is clearly far too big."
Armour	Xanthous Overcoat	"A mysterious item once worn by the Xanthous King Jeremiah, the legendary exile. No one knows where it came from.\nIt may be tattered, but its bright yellow color still stings the eyes."
Armour	Xanthous Gloves	"Mysterious items once worn by the Xanthous King Jeremiah, the legendary exile. No one knows where they came from.\nThey may be tattered, but their bright yellow color still stings the eyes."
Armour	Xanthous Waistcloth	"A mysterious item once worn by the Xanthous King Jeremiah, the legendary exile. No one knows where it came from.\nIt may be tattered, but its bright yellow color still stings the eyes."
Armour	Thief Mask	"Mask of sinners. They hide their faces, stifle their voices and hide in the shadows. It does not provide much in the way of defense."
Armour	Black Leather Armor	"This armor made of smooth black leather is extremely quiet, a good thing for those who hide in the shadows.\nThe leather itself is thick, offering a decent level of protection."
Armour	Black Leather Gloves	"These gloves made of smooth black leather are extremely quiet, good for those who hide in the shadows.\nThe leather itself is thick, offering a decent level of protection."
Armour	Black Leather Boots	"These boots made of smooth black leather are extremely quiet, good for those who hide in the shadows.\nThe leather itself is thick, offering a decent level of protection."
Armour	Priest's Hat	Distinctive hat worn only by Way of White priests in Thorolund.\nIt is simply meant to show their position within the hierarchy. It holds almost no meaning in the land of Lordran.
Armour	Holy Robe	"Robe donned by men of the cloth. Though plain to the eye, its hardy fabric repels rain and keeps the body warm.\nThose dissatisfied with church teachings must test their faith by going on a spiritual journey. Such is the ritual self-purification of the Way of White."
Armour	Traveling Gloves	"Thick, sturdy gloves made for travelers on extended journeys."
Armour	Holy Trousers	"Trousers donned by men of the cloth. Though plain to the eye, their hardy fabric repels rain and keeps the body warm.\nThose dissatisfied with church teachings must test their faith by going on a spiritual journey. Such is the ritual self-purification of the Way of White."
Armour	Black Knight Helm	"Helm of the Black Knights who haunt Lordran.\nThe knights followed Lord Gwyn when he departed to link the Fire but they were burned to ashes in the newly kindled flame, wandering the world as disembodied spirits ever after."
Armour	Black Knight Armor	"Armor of the Black Knights who haunt Lordran.\nThe knights followed Lord Gwyn when he departed to link the Fire, but they were burned to ashes in the newly kindled flame, wandering the world as disembodied spirits ever after."
Armour	Black Knight Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the Black Knights who haunt Lordran.\nThe knights pursued Lord Gwyn when he departed to link the Fire, but they were burned to ashes in the newly kindled flame, wandering the world as disembodied spirits ever after."
Armour	Black Knight Leggings	"Leggings of the Black Knights who haunt Lordran.\nThe knights followed Lord Gwyn when he departed to link the flame, but they were burned to ashes in the newly kindled fire, wandering the world as disembodied spirits ever after."
Armour	Crown of Dusk	"Special magic crown bestowed upon Dusk, Princess of Oolacile, upon her birth.\nIts wearer is blessed by all manner of magic. This raises the power and effect of the wearer's magic, but damage suffered by magic attacks also rises."
Armour	Antiquated Dress	"A dress from the ancient fallen land of Oolacile. Its ivory-colored silk features elaborate embroidery and is imbued with ancient magic power.\nOne cannot expect any physical protection from this garment, as it was not meant to be worn in battle."
Armour	Antiquated Gloves	"Gloves from the ancient fallen land of Oolacile. Their ivory-colored silk features elaborate embroidery and are imbued with ancient magic power.\nOne cannot expect any physical protection from these, as they were not meant to be worn in battle."
Armour	Antiquated Skirt	"A skirt from the ancient fallen land of Oolacile. Its ivory-colored silk features elaborate embroidery and is imbued with ancient magic power.\nOne cannot expect any physical protection from this garment, as it was not meant to be worn in battle."
Armour	Witch Hat	"Hat of the rogue witch Beatrice.\nAlmost all magic users that employ a wand studied at Dragon School, but Beatrice is one of the few exceptions. She braved the Abyss but did not live to tell of her ordeal."
Armour	Witch Cloak	"Cloak of the rogue witch Beatrice.\nAlmost all magic users that employ catalysts studied at Dragon School, but Beatrice is one of the few exceptions. She braved the Abyss but did not live to tell of her ordeal."
Armour	Witch Gloves	"Gloves of the rogue witch Beatrice.\nAlmost all magic users that employ catalysts studied at Dragon School, but Beatrice is one of the few exceptions. She braved the Abyss but did not live to tell of her ordeal."
Armour	Witch Skirt	"Skirt of the rogue witch Beatrice.\nAlmost all magic users that employ catalysts studied at Dragon School, but Beatrice is one of the few exceptions. She braved the Abyss but did not live to tell of her ordeal."
Armour	Elite Knight Helm	"Helm of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora.\nAlthough he was loath to give up on his Undead mission, he perished at the Undead Asylum, and went Hollow."
Armour	Elite Knight Armor	"Armor of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora, based on the fire-warding heraldic symbol on its blue surcoat.\nAlthough he was loath to give up on his Undead mission, he perished at the Undead Asylum, and went Hollow."
Armour	Elite Knight Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora.\nAlthough he was loath to give up on his Undead mission, he perished at the Undead Asylum, and went Hollow."
Armour	Elite Knight Leggings	"Leggings of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora.\nAlthough he was loath to give up on his Undead mission, he perished at the Undead Asylum, and went Hollow."
Armour	Wanderer Hood	"Hood of an aimless traveler. Made from sturdy leather, it offers protection versus wind and rain."
Armour	Wanderer Coat	"Coat of an aimless traveler. Made from sturdy leather and quilting.\nBattle comes with the territory when one wanders the land, and this coat provides a certain degree of protection."
Armour	Wanderer Manchette	Manchette of an aimless traveler.\nMade from sturdy leather and protects the hands.
Armour	Wanderer Boots	Boots of an aimless traveler.\nMade from sturdy leather. A must-have for long journeys.
Armour	Mage Smith Hat	"Hat worn by proper mage smiths who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nMage smiths learn their craft alongside sorcerers, but apply their sorcery to forging weapons with magic embers."
Armour	Mage Smith Coat	"Coat worn by proper mage smiths who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nMage smiths learn their craft alongside sorcerers, but apply their sorcery to forging weapons with magic embers."
Armour	Mage Smith Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by proper mage smiths who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nMage smiths learn their craft alongside sorcerers, but apply their sorcery to forging weapons with magic embers."
Armour	Mage Smith Boots	"Boots worn by proper mage smiths who studied at Vinheim Dragon School.\nMage smiths learn their craft alongside sorcerers, but apply their sorcery to forging weapons with magic embers."
Armour	Big Hat	"Gigantic hat worn by the great sorcerer Logan. It completely hid his face, which led to his nickname \Big Hat.\""\nFamously antisocial, Logan used it to block out noise and people's stares so he could focus on his own thoughts, but it does not possess any special magic powers."""
Armour	Sage Robe	"Robe worn by Big Hat Logan. It is said to have been from his apprentice days at Dragon School, but it is so worn out, no one knows what it originally looked like.\nLogan, who cared little for his appearance, no doubt ever bothered to change out of it."
Armour	Traveling Gloves	Gloves worn by Big Hat Logan. They are indistinguishable from the ordinary kind worn by travelers.
Armour	Traveling Boots	Boots worn by Big Hat Logan. They are indistinguishable from the ordinary kind worn by travelers.
Armour	Knight Helm	"Helm of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives it added protection."
Armour	Knight Armor	"Armor of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives it added protection."
Armour	Knight Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives them added protection."
Armour	Knight Leggings	"Leggings of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives them added protection."
Armour	Dingy Hood	"Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.\nIt is thought to have once been the white hood of a maiden, but smoke and ashes from bonfires have darkened it over the years."
Armour	Dingy Robe	"Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.\nIt is thought to have once been the white robe of a maiden, but smoke and ashes from bonfires have darkened it over the years."
Armour	Dingy Gloves	"Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.\nThey are thought to have once been the white gloves of a maiden, but smoke and ashes from bonfires have darkened them over the years."
Armour	Blood-Stained Skirt	"Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.\nIt is thought to have once been the white skirt of a maiden, but its true origin is lost in patches of blood. Perhaps its former wearer was maimed to prevent escape?"
Armour	Maiden Hood	"White hood worn by traveling maidens. It is part of their formal attire, regardless of rank.\nIt is soft and well-made, but does not offer much in the way of defense, making it ill- suited to use in battle."
Armour	Maiden Robe	"White robe worn by traveling maidens. It is part of their formal attire, regardless of rank.\nIt is soft and well-made, but does not offer much in the way of defense, making it ill- suited to use in battle."
Armour	Maiden Gloves	"White gloves worn by traveling maidens. They are part of their formal attire, regardless of rank.\nWhile soft and well-made, they do not offer much in the way of defense, making them ill-suited to use in battle."
Armour	Maiden Skirt	"White skirt worn by traveling maidens. It is part of their formal attire, regardless of rank.\nIt is soft and well-made, but does not offer much in the way of defense, making it ill- suited to use in battle."
Armour	Silver Knight Helm	"Helm of the Silver Knights who protect Anor Londo.\nWhen Lord Gwyn departed to link the Fire, his knights split into two groups. The Silver Knights remained in the forsaken capital in the service of their goddess."
Armour	Silver Knight Armor	"Armor of the Silver Knights who protect Anor Londo.\nWhen Lord Gwyn departed to link the Fire, his knights split into two groups. The Silver Knights remained in the forsaken capital in the service of their goddess."
Armour	Silver Knight Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the Silver Knights who protect Anor Londo.\nWhen Lord Gwyn departed to link the Fire, his knights split into two groups. The Silver Knights remained in the forsaken capital in the service of their goddess."
Armour	Silver Knight Leggings	"Leggings of the Silver Knights who protect Anor Londo.\nWhen Lord Gwyn departed to link the Fire, his knights split into two groups. The Silver Knights remained in the forsaken capital in the service of their goddess."
Armour	Havel's Helm	"Helm worn by Havel the Rock's warriors. Carved from solid rock, its tremendous weight is matched only by the defense it provides.\nHavel's warriors never flinched nor retreated from battle. Those unfortunate enough to face them were inevitably beaten to a pulp."
Armour	Havel's Armor	"Armor worn by Havel the Rock's warriors. Carved from solid rock, its tremendous weight is matched only by the defense it provides.\nHavel's warriors never flinched nor retreated from battle. Those unfortunate enough to face them were inevitably beaten to a pulp."
Armour	Havel's Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by Havel the Rock's warriors. Carved from solid rock, their tremendous weight is matched only by the defense they provide.\nHavel's warriors never flinched nor retreated from battle. Those unfortunate enough to face them were inevitably beaten to a pulp."
Armour	Havel's Leggings	"Leggings worn by Havel the Rock's warriors. Carved from solid rock, their tremendous weight is matched only by the defense they provide.\nHavel's warriors never flinched nor retreated from battle. Those unfortunate enough to face them were inevitably beaten to a pulp."
Armour	Brass Helm	"Helm of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.\nAfter becoming Undead, she visited the Dark Sun Gwyndolin at the Mausoleum of the Spiral Depths, became a Blade of the Darkmoon, and assumed the flame-keeping duty. She received this helm, which hides her hideous form and helps her hunt the guilty."
Armour	Brass Armor	"Armor of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.\nAfter becoming Undead, she visited the Dark Sun Gwyndolin at the Mausoleum of the Spiral Depths, became a Blade of the Darkmoon, and assumed the flame-keeping duty. She received this armor, which hides her hideous form and helps her hunt the guilty."
Armour	Brass Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.\nAfter becoming Undead, she visited the Dark Sun Gwyndolin at the Mausoleum of the Spiral Depths, became a Blade of the Darkmoon, and assumed the flame-keeping duty. She received these gauntlets, which hide her hideous form and help her hunt the guilty."
Armour	Brass Leggings	"Leggings of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.\nAfter becoming Undead, she visited the Dark Sun Gwyndolin at the Mausoleum of the Spiral Depths, became a Blade of the Darkmoon, and assumed the flame-keeping duty. She received these leggings, which hide her hideous form and help her hunt the guilty."
Armour	Gold-Hemmed Black Hood	"Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.\nShe wore this gold-hemmed black hood before even the Age of Fire, and it offers strong resistance versus fire, poison, and other perils."
Armour	Gold-Hemmed Black Cloak	"Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.\nShe wore this gold-hemmed black cloak before even the Age of Fire, and it offers strong resistance versus fire, poison, and other perils."
Armour	Gold-Hemmed Black Gloves	"Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.\nShe wore these gold-lined black gloves before even the Age of Fire, and they offer strong resistance versus fire, poison, and other perils."
Armour	Gold-Hemmed Black Skirt	"Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, founder of pyromancy and one of the Daughters of Chaos.\nShe wore this gold-hemmed black skirt before even the Age of Fire, and it offers strong resistance versus fire, poison, and other perils."
Armour	Golem Helm	"Head of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen's Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.\nWithout its core, it is a mere hunk of iron, and can be equipped as solid protective gear, but its immense weight hinders stamina recovery."
Armour	Golem Armor	"Body of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen's Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.\nWithout its core, it is a mere hunk of iron, and can be equipped as solid protective gear, but its immense weight hinders stamina recovery."
Armour	Golem Gauntlets	"Arms of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen's Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.\nWithout its core, they are mere hunks of iron, and can be equipped as solid protective gear, but their immense weight hinders stamina recovery."
Armour	Golem Leggings	"Legs of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen's Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.\nWithout its core, they are mere hunks of iron, and can be equipped as solid protective gear, but their immense weight hinders stamina recovery."
Armour	Hollow Soldier Helm	"Helm worn by Hollow soldiers. It may be old and battered, but its iron construction makes it quite sturdy.\nIt is wise to wear a sturdy form of head protection against arrows and other physical threats."
Armour	Hollow Soldier Armor	"Armor worn by Hollow soldiers. It may be old and battered, but its iron construction makes it quite sturdy."
Armour	Soldier's Gloves	Soldier's Gloves
Armour	Hollow Soldier Waistcloth	Waistcloth worn by Hollow soldiers. It is so tattered that it barely serves its purpose anymore.
Armour	Steel Helm	"Helm of the Knights of Berenike, known for their heavy armaments and armor.\nCountless Knights of Berenike, once extolled as the mightiest of mighty, became Undead and ventured to Lordran. But their journey was for naught, as they went Hollow, and became a threat to all Undead."
Armour	Steel Armor	"Armor of the Knights of Berenike, known for their heavy armaments and armor.\nCountless Knights of Berenike, once extolled as the mightiest of mighty, became Undead and ventured to Lordran. But their journey was for naught, as they went Hollow, and became a threat to all Undead."
Armour	Steel Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the Knights of Berenike, known for their heavy armaments and armor.\nCountless Knights of Berenike, once extolled as the mightiest of mighty, became Undead and ventured to Lordran. But their journey was for naught, as they went Hollow, and became a threat to all Undead."
Armour	Steel Leggings	"Leggings of the Knights of Berenike, known for their heavy armaments and armor.\nCountless Knights of Berenike, once extolled as the mightiest of mighty, became Undead and ventured to Lordran. But their journey was for naught, as they went Hollow, and became a threat to all Undead."
Armour	Hollow Thief's Hood	Hood worn by Hollow thieves. Used to hide a guilty countenance.
Armour	Hollow Thief's Leather Armor	Leather armor worn by Hollow thieves. It stifles noise and helps its wearer hide in the shadows.
Armour	Thief's Gloves	Thief's Gloves
Armour	Hollow Thief's Tights	Tights worn by Hollow thieves. They stifle noise and help their wearer hide in the shadows.
Armour	Balder Helm	"Helm worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. It is made from thick iron plates.\nBalder was the homeland of the Knight King Rendal, but it came to ruin after a great many Undead were spawned."
Armour	Balder Armor	"Armor worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. It is made from thick iron plates.\nBalder was the homeland of the Knight King Rendal, but it came to ruin after a great many Undead were spawned."
Armour	Balder Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. They are made from thick iron plates.\nBalder was the homeland of the Knight King Rendal, but it came to ruin after a great many Undead were spawned."
Armour	Balder Leggings	"Leggings worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. They are made from thick iron plates.\nBalder was the homeland of the Knight King Rendal, but it came to ruin after a great many Undead were spawned."
Armour	Hollow Warrior Helm	"Helm worn by Hollow warriors. Although it is made of iron, it is old, battered and worn out.\nIt is wise to wear a sturdy form of head protection against arrows and other physical threats."
Armour	Hollow Warrior Armor	Armor worn by Hollow warriors. It is made of thick leather that is tattered with age.
Armour	Warrior's Gloves	Warrior's Gloves
Armour	Hollow Warrior Waistcloth	Waistcloth worn by Hollow warriors. It is so tattered that it barely serves its purpose anymore.
Armour	Giant Helm	"Helm of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.\nMade from ancient brass, it also offers protection versus non-physical attacks, but due to its giant size, it is extremely heavy for humans, and impedes stamina recovery."
Armour	Giant Armor	"Armor of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.\nMade from ancient brass, it also offers protection versus non-physical attacks, but due to its giant size, it is extremely heavy for humans, and impedes stamina recovery."
Armour	Giant Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.\nMade from ancient brass, they also offer protection versus non-physical attacks, but due to their giant size, they are extremely heavy for humans, and impede stamina recovery."
Armour	Giant Leggings	"Leggings of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.\nMade from ancient brass, they also offer protection versus non-physical attacks, but due to their giant size, they are extremely heavy for humans, and impede stamina recovery."
Armour	Crown of the Dark Sun	"Crown of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, protector of the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nThis crown of the gods demands faith immeasurable of its wearer, but it is imbued with Darkmoon power that enhances all magic. The image of the sun manifests Gwyndolin's deep adoration of the sun."
Armour	Moonlight Robe	"Robe of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, protector of the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nThe power of the moon was strong in Gwyndolin, and thus he was raised as a daughter. His magic garb is silk-thin, and hardly provides any physical defense."
Armour	Moonlight Gloves	"Gloves of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, protector of the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nThe power of the moon was strong in Gwyndolin, and thus he was raised as a daughter. His magic garb is silk-thin, and hardly provides any physical defense."
Armour	Moonlight Waistcloth	"Waistcloth of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, protector of the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nThe power of the moon was strong in Gwyndolin, and thus he was raised as a daughter. His magic garb is silk-thin, and hardly provides any physical defense."
Armour	Crown of the Great Lord	"Crown of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.\nLord Gwyn, bearer of the ultimate soul, divided his power among his great clan before linking the flame. But he did keep his crown, perhaps to preserve a symbol of the monarch, for its actual power had fully subsided."
Armour	Robe of the Great Lord	"Robe of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.\nLord Gwyn, bearer of the ultimate soul, divided that power among his clan before linking the flame. When he departed, he left only with his greatsword, his garb, and the crown, now bereft of power."
Armour	Bracelet of the Great Lord	"Bracelets of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.\nLord Gwyn, bearer of the ultimate soul, divided that power among his clan before linking the flame. When he departed, he left only with his greatsword, his garb, and the crown, now bereft of power."
Armour	Anklet of the Great Lord	"Anklets of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.\nLord Gwyn, bearer of the ultimate soul, divided that power among his clan before linking the flame. When he departed, he left only with his greatsword, his garb, and the crown, now bereft of power."
Armour	Sack	"Bloodstained patchwork sack by the Undead man-eating cook lurking in the Depths. Two eyeholes have been haphazardly cut out.\nIt is unexpectedly soft and comfortable to wear, but it is probably near meaningless in terms of defense."
Armour	Symbol of Avarice	"Monster head resembling a treasure chest. Once an ancient god, it is said this is the symbol of shame imposed on a long lost clan, exiled for the sin of avarice.\nWearing this slightly raises soul absorption and item discovery, but also affects its wearer with the curse of the branded."
Armour	Royal Helm	"Helm of Vamos, skeleton blacksmith of the Catacombs. Partially made of gold, and confers high resistance overall.\nThe helm is believed to belong to an ancient royal line, but only Vamos would know for sure, and he shall never speak again."
Armour	Mask of the Father	"One of the three masks of the Pinwheel, the necromancer who stole the power of the Gravelord, and reigns over the Catacombs.\nThis mask, belonging to the valiant father, slightly raises equipment load."
Armour	Mask of the Mother	"One of the three masks of the Pinwheel, the necromancer who stole the power of the Gravelord, and reigns over the Catacombs.\nThis mask, belonging to the kindly mother, slightly raises HP."
Armour	Mask of the Child	"One of the three masks of the Pinwheel, the necromancer who stole the power of the Gravelord, and reigns over the Catacombs.\nThis mask, belonging to the naive child, slightly raises stamina recovery speed."
Armour	Fang Boar Helm	"Severed head of the fully-armored Fang Boar taken by the one who killed it as proof of his victory, just as the Gods once did with the head of the ancient dragon.\nCan be worn on the head as a surprisingly sound piece of protective gear."
Armour	Gargoyle Helm	"Helm of the gargoyle, an enchanted creature that guarded the Bell of Awakening in the belfry of the Undead Church.\nThis bronze helm was for mere appearance's sake, as gargoyle skin is naturally hard. Little in the way of defense can be expected from it."
Armour	Black Sorcerer Hat	"Hat worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThey secretly work with sound-based spells, and never reveal themselves."
Armour	Black Sorcerer Cloak	"Cloak worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThey secretly work with sound-based spells, and never reveal themselves."
Armour	Black Sorcerer Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThey secretly work with sound-based spells, and never reveal themselves."
Armour	Black Sorcerer Boots	"Boots worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThey secretly work with sound-based spells, and never reveal themselves."
Armour	Elite Cleric Helm	"Helm worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nAmong such helms, those that were black belonged to warrior clerics sent on missions, many of whom were high-level priests."
Armour	Elite Cleric Armor	"Armor worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nAmong such armors, those that were black belonged to warrior clerics sent on missions, many of whom were high-level priests."
Armour	Elite Cleric Gauntlets	"Gauntlets worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nAmong such gauntlets, those that were black belonged to warrior clerics sent on missions, many of whom were high-level priests."
Armour	Elite Cleric Leggings	"Leggings worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.\nAmong such leggings, those that were black belonged to warrior clerics sent on missions, many of whom were high-level priests."
Armour	Helm of Artorias	"Helm of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThe death of the helm's owner can be surmised from the corrosive Dark of the Abyss, and the musty azure-blue tassel, once a symbol of pride and glory.\n\n\n\n\n"
Armour	Armor of Artorias	"Armor of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThe death of the armor's owner can be surmised from the corrosive Dark of the Abyss, and the tattered azure-blue cape, once a symbol of pride and glory.\n\n"
Armour	Gauntlets of Artorias	"Gauntlets of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThe death of their owner can be surmised from the corrosive Dark of the Abyss, which has compromised their protective utility."
Armour	Leggings of Artorias	"Leggings of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThe death of their owner can be surmised from the corrosive Dark of the Abyss, which has compromised their protective utility."
Armour	Porcelain Mask	"Mask of the Lord's Blade Ciaran, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThe cyclops headpiece is common to all of the Lord's Blades, but Ciaran was determined to earn this soft porcelain mask as a unique decoration of honor. The mask is lined with ivory locks of hair."
Armour	Lord's Blade Robe	"Robe of the Lord's Blade Ciaran, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nA robe common to all of the Lord's Blades. These deadly women shift nimbly between layers of darkness, etching streaks of gold into the night air, and planting visions of terror into the minds of their targets."
Armour	Lord's Blade Gloves	"Gloves worn by the Lord's Blade Ciaran, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nGloves common to all of the Lord's Blades. These deadly women shift nimbly between layers of darkness, etching streaks of gold into the night air, and planting visions of terror into the minds of their targets."
Armour	Lord's Blade Waistcloth	"Waistcloth worn by the Lord's Blade Ciaran, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nWaistcloth common to all the Lord's Blades. These deadly women shift nimbly between layers of darkness, etching streaks of gold into the night air, and planting visions of terror into the minds of their targets."
Armour	Gough's Helm	"Helm of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn's Four Knights. Received as a decoration of knightly honor.\nA helm crafted especially for the honorable Hawkeye Gough, only the eye holes were packed with tree resin by those who dismissed Gough as a brutish giant.\n"
Armour	Gough's Armor	"Armor of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nArmor donned by Gough since his days as a dragonslayer. The medallion, bequeathed by the Lord Himself, and the dragon bone pauldrons are symbols of the highest honors."
Armour	Gough's Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nReceived as a decoration of honor. Crafted of similar material to the gauntlets worn by the Silver Knights.\n"
Armour	Gough's Leggings	"Leggings of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nReceived as a decoration of honor. Crafted of similar material to the gauntlets worn by the Silver Knights."
Armour	Guardian Helm	"Helm of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.\nThe stone knights are golems animated by magic, and their enchanted helms are oppressively heavy.\n"
Armour	Guardian Armor	"Armor of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.\nThe stone knights are golems animated by magic, and their enchanted armor is oppressively heavy."
Armour	Guardian Gauntlets	"Gauntlets of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.\nThe stone knights are golems animated by magic, and their enchanted gauntlets are oppressively heavy."
Armour	Guardian Leggings	"Leggings of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.\nThe stone knights are golems animated by magic, and their enchanted leggings are oppressively heavy."
Armour	Snickering Top Hat	"Black top hat worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.\nThe wearer of this top hat cracks a dubious, permanent grin. The Curse of Chester!"
Armour	Chester's Long Coat	"Black leather long coat hat worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.\nThis exquisitely sewn aristocratic suit allows its wearer to move in silence, lending well to stealth."
Armour	Chester's Gloves	"Leather gloves worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.\nThese gloves have no distinguishing features, but are of extremely high quality.\n\n"
Armour	Chester's Trousers	"Black leather trousers worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.\nThese exquisitely sewn trousers are decorated with silver trinkets of varying sizes, and have straps on the inner legs for carrying crossbow bolts."
Armour	Bloated Head	"The head of an Oolacile resident whose humanity went wild after being devoured by the Dark of Manus, Father of the Abyss.\nThe bloated head is fissured, the cracks lined with innumerable tiny red eyeballs. With a hard outside and mucous-filled inside, no sane person could ever wear it."
Armour	Bloated Sorcerer Head	"The head of an Oolacile resident whose humanity went wild after being devoured by the Dark of Manus, Father of the Abyss.\nThe bloated head is fissured, the cracks lined with innumerable tiny red eyeballs, and accented by protruding brain parts. It is lightly enchanted, suggesting that it may have belonged to a sorcerer."
Armour	Head	Head
Armour	Body	Body
Armour	Arms	Arms
Armour	Legs	Legs
Armour	No Travel Gear / Head	No Travel Gear / Head
Armour	No Travel Gear / Body	No Travel Gear / Body
Armour	No Travel Gear / Arms	No Travel Gear / Arms
Armour	No Travel Gear / Legs	No Travel Gear / Legs
Armour	Dragon Head	"Transform the head into that of a dragon with a secret rite of the transcendent apostles. Use Dragon Head Stone in this state to spew dragon breath.\nThe dragon apostles seek transcendence of life itself, attainable by transformation into an ancient drag"
Armour	Dragon Body	"Transform the body into that of a dragon with a secret rite of the transcendent apostles. Use Dragon Torso Stone in this state to let out a great dragon roar.\nThe dragon apostles seek transcendence of life itself, attainable by transformation into an an"
Armour	Dragon Arms	"Transform arms into those of a dragon with a secret rite of the transcendent apostles. Use Dragon Torso Stone in this state to create dragon roar and wield talons from the hands.\nThe dragon apostles seek transcendence of life itself, attainable by trans"
Armour	Dragon Legs	"Transform legs into those of a dragon with a secret rite of the transcendent apostles. Use Dragon Torso Stone in this state to let out a great dragon roar.\nThe dragon apostles seek transcendence of life itself, attainable by transformation into an ancie"
Armour	Egg	"An egg implanted on the head by a type of parasite bearing eggs on its back.\nThe nightmare begins with a slight itch on the head, and soon the parasite will be siphoning the souls of slain enemies. Unless you find this amusing, quickly use Egg Vermifuge to purge it."
Item	White Sign Soapstone	"Online play item. Leave summon sign.\nBe summoned to another world as a phantom through your sign, and defeat the area boss to acquire humanity. In Lordran, the flow of time is distorted, and the White Sign Soapstone allows Undead to assist one another."
Item	Red Sign Soapstone	"Online play item. Leave invasion sign.\nBe summoned to another world as a dark spirit, and defeat the summoner to acquire humanity. Certain Darkwraiths resist their descent into dark and persevere along the honorable path. The Red Sign Soapstone is for them."
Item	Red Eye Orb	Online play item. Invade another world.\nDefeat the master of the world you have invaded to acquire humanity.\nThe Darkwraiths of Kaathe use this orb to seek humanity and plunge further into dark. Perhaps they are more human than we?
Item	Black Separation Crystal	"This black crystal, long a symbol of farewell, is granted to banished Undead. The crystal sends phantoms back to their homes, or sends you back to yours.\nBeware of fickle use of this item if you intend to nurture relations."
Item	Orange Guidance Soapstone	"Online play item. Write/view/rate message.\nMessages transmit to other worlds, where they are rated. Also, rate messages of others.\nIn Lordran, the flow of time is distorted, and messages allow Undead to assist (or deceive) one another."
Item	Book of the Guilty	"Online play item. Check list of indicted players.\nThe Goddess of Sin Velka oversees this list of the guilty, who have disrespected the Gods or their covenants, and shall one day face the wrath of the Blades of the Darkmoon."
Item	Eye of Death	"Online play item. Lure phantoms from other worlds.\nThe dreadful Eyes of Death spread disaster across neighboring worlds. Phantoms lured to the host world may end up as victims, allowing the Eyes of Death to multiply, and leading to further proliferation of bane."
Item	Cracked Red Eye Orb	Online play item. Invade another world.\nDefeat the master of the world you have invaded to acquire humanity.\nThe Cracked Red Eye Orb allows players to temporarily imitate this ability normally limited to the Darkwraiths of Kaathe.
Item	Servant Roster	"Online play item. Check servants of the Daughters of Chaos.\nEgg-bearer Eingyi keeps this roster of those who serve his master, a Daughter of Chaos. Eingyi praises those who offer significant humanity to alleviate his master's suffering.\nBut what is praise from Eingyi really worth?"
Item	Blue Eye Orb	"Online play item. Invade world of player in Book of the Guilty. Subdue player to acquire Souvenir of Reprisal.\nThese mystical orbs are granted to Blades of the Darkmoon, knights who serve the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, so that they may serve the Gods in meting out vengeance."
Item	Dragon Eye	"Online play item. Find a player who has acquired a Dragon Scale and invade that player's world to pillage it.\nAn art of the transcendent apostles who pray to the ancient dragons. To be alive is to be vulnerable, and the fiery Gods are no exception. The apostles seek another plane of existence, which transcends life.\n\n\n\n\n"
Item	Black Eye Orb	"Mystical orb found on a Keeper's corpse\nInvade the world of the murderer of a Fire Keeper, to defeat the perpetrator and reclaim the soul of the Fire Keeper.\nThe Black Eye keeps constant watch on the city of the Gods, Anor Londo."
Item	Black Eye Orb	"Invade the world of the traitor Shiva.\nInvade the world of Shiva, and subdue him to reclaim the Blade of Chaos.\nBut the Black Eye has lost its focus, and its powers waver timorously. Where could the traitor Shiva be?\n"
Item	Darksign	"The Darksign signifies an accursed Undead. Those branded with it are reborn after death, but will one day lose their mind and go Hollow.\nDeath triggers the Darksign, which returns its bearer to the last bonfire rested at, but at the cost of all humanity and souls."
Item	Purple Coward's Crystal	"Online play item. Quit Battle of Stoicism. (Session ends if host leaves)\nVictory in this battle once led to ancient Anor Londo, but even in the absence of its overseer, capitulation is a disgrace. In the name of a warrior's honor, do not quickly resort to use of this crystal."
Item	Estus Flask	"The Undead treasure these dull green flasks. Fill with Estus at bonfire. Fills HP.\nThe Estus Flasks are linked to the Fire Keepers. The Dark Tales also make reference:\n An emerald flask, from the Keeper's soul She lives to protect the flame, And dies to protect it further\n"
Item	Silver Pendant	"Silver pendant engraved with the crest of Artorias.\nOne of the ancient treasures of Anor Londo. Presented to Artorias for facing the Abyss.\nEffectively deflects the Dark of the Abyss, especially in its magic forms."
Item	Elizabeth's Mushroom	"Large medicinal mushroom of Elizabeth, keeper of the sanctuary.\nEating this mushroom invigorates the flesh, and greatly restores HP for a limited duration.\nIts dramatic effect can make the difference between a warrior's life and death."
Item	Divine Blessing	"Holy water from Goddess Gwynevere. Fully restore HP and undo irregularities.\nThe Goddess of Sunlight Gwynevere, daughter of the great Lord of Sunlight Gwyn, is cherished by all as the symbol of bounty and fertility.\n\n\n"
Item	Green Blossom	"Green weed, shaped like a flower. Temporary boost to stamina recovery speed.\nThis uniquely bitter, biting herb is sometimes harvested in large quantities, but normally it is an annual plant found near water."
Item	Bloodred Moss Clump	"Medicinal red moss clump. Reduces bleeding build-up.\nBleeding builds up when attacked by sharp blades or spikes, and once triggered causes severe damage. Use this moss clump before it reaches this point."
Item	Purple Moss Clump	"Medicinal purple moss clump. Reduces poison build-up. Cures poison.\nPoison builds up in the body, and when it breaks out, it causes gradual damage over a period of time. Poison can be exasperating, so be certain to carry the needed quantity of these moss clumps when destined for an afflicted area."
Item	Blooming Purple Moss Clump	"Potently medicinal moss clump with a flower. Reduces poison and toxin. Restores status.\nToxin is a more vicious form of poison which quickly leads to death.\nMoss clumps without a flower are useless against toxin, and a lack of these moss clumps could lead to an early demise."
Item	Purging Stone	"Ash-colored stone encasing a skull. Secret treasure of Arstor, the Earl of Carim. Reduces curse build-up and breaks curse.\nHumans are helpless against curses, and can only redirect their influence. The Purging Stone does not dispel curses, but receives them as a surrogate. The stone itself was once a person or some other being."
Item	Egg Vermifuge	"Bitter, sour chestnut. Removes parasitic egg from body.\nThe egg-bearers have chosen to serve the Flame of Chaos, and the eggs symbolize this selfless choice.\nNaturally, these chestnuts are forbidden, but are allowed under special circumstances."
Item	Repair Powder	"Lightly enchanted golden powder. Repairs weapon equipped in right hand.\nUse of a weapon depletes its durability, eventually rendering it ineffective.\nRepair Powder is a precious method of repair on the battlefield, as it obviates the need for a Repairbox.\n\n\n\n\n"
Item	Throwing Knife	"Throwing knife. Used as a projectile.\nThrowing knives have limited range and accuracy compared to arrows, but offer a quick-and-easy ranged attack.\nUndead who lack other means of ranged attacks will do well to stock a few of these."
Item	Poison Throwing Knife	"Throwing knife. Coated with poison.\nThrowing knives have limited range and accuracy compared to arrows, but offer a quick-and-easy ranged attack.\nWhen a foe is poisoned, it will continually take damage over a period of time.\n"
Item	Firebomb	"Bisque urn filled with black powder. Explodes, inflicting fire damage.\nRelatively powerful ranged weapon, especially in situations calling for fire damage. A very precious item at low levels.\nMany warriors use these to augment their strategic repertoire."
Item	Dung Pie	"Atrocious fecal waste material. Throw at enemy to build up toxins, but also builds up your toxicity.\nAlthough the stench makes it difficult to carry on one's person, turning an enemy toxic inflicts high damage over a period of time."
Item	Alluring Skull	"A skull with meekly lingering souls. Throw to shatter and spread souls to attract certain types of enemies.\nSouls are a concentration of life, and the life-starved Hollows are lured by its power. Not effective for all enemies."
Item	Lloyd's Talisman	"Talisman utilized by Allfather Lloyd's cleric knights to hunt down the Undead. Blocks Estus recovery within a limited area.\nIn the outside world, the Undead are accursed creatures, and Lloyd's cleric knights are widely praised for their Undead hunts. This blessed talisman blocks Undead recovery, allowing the knights to fight with impunity.\n\n"
Item	Black Firebomb	"Black bisque urn filled with black powder. Explodes, inflicting fire damage.\nPowerful ranged weapon, especially in situations calling for fire damage. A very precious item at low levels.\nBlack Firebombs are especially destructive."
Item	Charcoal Pine Resin	"Black charcoal-like pine resin. Applies fire to right-hand weapon.\nAffected weapon inflicts fire damage for a short time. Particularly effective against corporeal creatures and Undead, who have an instinctual fear of fire."
Item	Gold Pine Resin	"Rare pine resin which emits golden sparks. Applies lightning to right-hand weapon.\nAffected weapon inflicts rare lightning damage, making it effective against targets which are resilient to both magic and fire. Very effective against dragon family foes."
Item	Transient Curse	"Limb of the victim of a curse. Temporary curse allows engagement with ghosts.\nThe only way to fight back against ghosts, who are cursed beings, is to become cursed oneself. The safest method, however dreadful, is to cut off an arm of the dead."
Item	Rotten Pine Resin	"Rotten pine resin that has gained poison. Adds poison effect to right-hand weapon.\nHits with affected weapon build up enemy poison level. If enemy is poisoned, damage will be inflicted for a period of time."
Item	Homeward Bone	"Bone fragment reduced to white ash. Return to last bonfire used for resting.\nBonfires are fueled by bones of the Undead. In rare cases, the strong urge of their previous owner's to seek bonfires enchants their bones with a homeward instinct."
Item	Humanity	"Rare tiny black sprite found on corpses Use to gain 1 humanity\nThis black sprite is called humanity, but little is known about its true nature. If the soul is the source of all life, then what distinction is left for humanity?"
Item	Prism Stone	"Warm pebble emitting a beautiful phasing aura of seven colors, with a very rare eighth.\nThe rainbow stone does nothing special, but can serve as a path marker, and can be dropped off a cliff to judge height by the sound of its descent. If a loud noise is heard upon its landing, then a fall off the ledge is surely lethal.\n\n\n"
Item	Binoculars	"Binoculars made of brass. Use to peer at distant scenery.\nThis advanced device was built by a famous craftsman of Astora. Its utility is singular, but its applications many.\nThe value of these specs depends greatly on the imagination of their owner."
Item	Affidavit	"Slip sold by bishop of Velka, Goddess of Sin Annul a covenant without committing sin\nA covenant is a most sacred union, normally not subject to negotiation, but when circumstances require it, even Goddess Velka will make an exception.\n"
Item	Indictment	"Slip sold by bishop of Velka, Goddess of Sin. If you are killed by an invader, use this to report the crime of that trespasser.\nThe indicted player will be added to a list of unfortunate souls who will one day face the wrath of the Blades of the Darkmoon."
Item	Souvenir of Reprisal	"Blood-drained, shrunken ear. Souvenir taken for subduing the guilty.\nThe knights called the Blades of the Darkmoon punish the guilt-soaked offenders of the Gods and take this as proof of their conquest. The earless corpses of the guilty will be left behind as a warning to others, inspiring both fear and respect for the Gods. Such is the eternal mandate of the Dark Sun."
Item	Sunlight Medal	"This faintly warm medal, engraved with the symbol of the Sun, is the ultimate honor, awarded to shoe who summon the Warrior of Sunlight and complete a goal.\nThe symbol represents Lord Gwyn's firstborn, who lost his deity status and was expunged from the annals. But the old God of War still watches closely over his warriors.\n"
Item	Pendant	"This faintly warm medal, engraved with the symbol of the Sun, is the ultimate honor, awarded to shoe who summon the Warrior of Sunlight and complete a goal.\nThe symbol represents Lord Gwyn's firstborn, who lost his deity status and was expunged from the annals. But the old God of War still watches closely over his warriors.\n"
Item	Dragon Head Stone	"Stone imbued with the power of the dragons. Rite of apostles of the ancient dragons. Gain head of dragon. Emit dragon breath.\nThe dragon apostles seek transcendence of life itself, attainable by transformation into an ancient dragon. This rite is only one step, but it cannot be reversed until death.\n"
Item	Dragon Torso Stone	"Stone imbued with the power of the dragons. Rite of apostles of the ancient dragons. Gain torso of dragon. Roar like a dragon.\nThe dragon apostles seek transcendence of life itself, attainable by transformation into an ancient dragon. This rite is only one step, but it cannot be reversed until death.\n\n\n"
Item	Rubbish	Rubbish with no value. Who in their right mind would bother carrying this around? Perhaps you need help.
Item	Copper Coin	"Coin made of copper. Its face shows Old Man McLoyf, god of medicine and drink.\nEven coins of great value in the world of men have little value in Lordran, where the accepted currency is souls.\nThose who dream of returning to the outside world are fond of carrying these around."
Item	Silver Coin	"Coin made of silver, with a portrait of the legendary Knight King Rendal on its face.\nEven coins of great value in the world of men have little value in Lordran, where the accepted currency is souls.\nThose who dream of returning to the outside world are fond of carrying these around."
Item	Gold Coin	"Coin made of gold, with Allfather Lloyd and his white halo shown on its face.\nEven coins of great value in the world of men have little value in Lordran, where the accepted currency is souls.\nThose who dream of returning to the outside world are fond of carrying these around."
Item	Peculiar Doll	"A strange doll in strange dress.\nThere once was an abomination who had no place in this world. She clutched this doll tightly, and eventually was drawn into a cold and lonely painted world."
Item	Dried Finger	"Dried finger with multiple knuckles.\nShriveled but still slightly warm. With this many knuckles, surely it cannot belong to anything human."
Item	Fire Keeper Soul	"Soul of the Ash Maiden, Fire Keeper of Firelink Shrine.\nA Fire Keeper's soul is a draw for humanity, and held within their bosoms, below just a thin layer of skin, are swarms of humanity that writhe and squirm. Was the Ash Maiden locked in this dark prison for some transgression, or by her own will?"
Item	Fire Keeper Soul	"Soul of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.\nA Fire Keeper's soul is a draw for humanity, and held within their bosoms, below just a thin layer of skin, are swarms of humanity that writhe and squirm. Her brass armor serves to disguise this ghastly form.\n\n"
Item	Fire Keeper Soul	"Soul of a Daughter of Chaos, Fire Keeper of Quelaag's Domain.\nA Fire Keeper's soul is a draw for humanity, and held within their bosoms, below just a thin layer of skin, are swarms of humanity that writhe and squirm. To her, the countless eggs which appeared were cradles for each tiny humanity."
Item	Fire Keeper Soul	"Soul of a long-lost Fire Keeper.\nEach Fire Keeper is a corporeal manifestation of her bonfire, and a draw for the humanity which is offered to her. Her soul is gnawed by infinite humanity, and can boost the power of precious Estus Flasks. Reinforced Estus Flasks capture denser Estus, allowing for increased restoration of HP."
Item	Soul of a Lost Undead	"Soul of a lost Undead who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Large Soul of a Lost Undead	"Large soul of a lost Undead who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Soul of a Nameless Soldier	"Soul of a nameless Undead soldier who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Large Soul of a Nameless Soldier	"Large soul of a nameless Undead soldier who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire many souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Soul of a Proud Knight	"Soul of a proud Undead knight who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire many souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Large Soul of a Proud Knight	"Large soul of a proud Undead knight who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire many souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Soul of a Brave Warrior	"Soul of a brave Undead warrior who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire a large amount of souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Large Soul of a Brave Warrior	"Large soul of a brave Undead warrior who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire a large amount of souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Soul of a Hero	"Soul of a hero of legend who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire a large amount of souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Soul of a Great Hero	"Great soul of a hero of legend who has long ago gone Hollow.\nUse to acquire an incredible amount of souls.\nSouls are the source of all life, and whether Undead, or even Hollow, one continues to seek them.\n"
Item	Humanity	"Rare tiny black sprite found on corpses. Use to gain 1 humanity and restore a large amount of HP.\nThis black sprite is called humanity, but little is known about its true nature. If the soul is the source of all life, then what distinguishes the humanity we hold within ourselves?"
Item	Twin Humanities	"Rare tiny black sprite found on corpses. Very unusual twin humanity. Use to gain 2 humanity and restore a large amount of HP.\nThis black sprite is called humanity, but little is known about its true nature. If the soul is the source of all life, then what distinction is left for humanity?"
Item	Hello Carving	"Head carved of archtrees by Gough in his imprisonment. Gough imparts an emotion to each and every completed carving, which helps him achieve personal enlightenment. When a head is disturbed, it speaks, reflecting the emotion conferred to it.\nThis head says \Hello\"". Have another look. Do you sense the amicability in its eyes?"""
Item	Thank you Carving	"Head carved of archtrees by Gough in his imprisonment. Gough imparts an emotion to each and every completed carving, which helps him achieve personal enlightenment. When a head is disturbed, it speaks, reflecting the emotion conferred to it.\nThis head says \Thank you\"". Have another look. Is this not a face of gratitude?"""
Item	Very good! Carving	"Head carved of archtrees by Gough in his imprisonment. Gough imparts an emotion to each and every completed carving, which helps him achieve personal enlightenment. When a head is disturbed, it speaks, reflecting the emotion conferred to it.\nThis head says \Very good!\""Have another look. Does it not appear quite jovial?"""
Item	I'm sorry Carving	"Head carved of archtrees by Gough in his imprisonment. Gough imparts an emotion to each and every completed carving, which helps him achieve personal enlightenment. When a head is disturbed, it speaks, reflecting the emotion conferred to it.\nThis head says \I'm sorry\"". Have another look. Isn't that an expression of atonement?"""
Item	Help me! Carving	"Head carved of archtrees by Gough in his imprisonment. Gough imparts an emotion to each and every completed carving, which helps him achieve personal enlightenment. When a head is disturbed, it speaks, reflecting the emotion conferred to it.\nThis head says \Help me!\""Look again. Can you hear the desperate plea?"""
Item	Soul of Quelaag	"Soul of Quelaag, once daughter of the Witch of Izalith, but now a chaos demon.\nSpecial beings have special souls, and Quelaag's soul contains all aspects of Chaos. Use it to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Soul of Sif	"Soul of Sif the Great Grey Wolf, who guards the grave of Artorias the Abysswalker.\nSpecial beings have special souls. Use the soul of Sif, who inherited the divine knightsword, to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	"Soul of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder"	"Soul of the Gwyn, Lord of Sunlight and Cinder, who linked the First Flame.\nLord Gwyn bequeathed most of his power to the Gods, and burned as cinder for the First Flame, but even so, Lord Gwyn's soul is a powerful thing indeed."
Item	Core of an Iron Golem	"Soul serving as the core of the Iron Golem, guardian of Sen's Fortress, and slayer of countless heroes seeking Anor Londo.\nOriginally a bone of an everlasting dragon. Use to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Soul of Ornstein	"Soul of Ornstein, Dragonslayer Knight who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nSpecial beings have special souls. Lord Gwyn granted this soul to his four most trusted knights.\nUse to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Soul of the Moonlight Butterfly	"Soul of the mystical Moonlight Butterfly, which flitters in the Darkroot Garden.\nSpecial beings have special souls. The butterfly's soul is a creation of Seath the Scaleless.\nUse to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Soul of Smough	"Soul of Smough the Executioner, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.\nSpecial beings have special souls. Use the soul of this eerily gleeful executioner to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Soul of Priscilla	"Soul of Priscilla the Crossbreed, trapped inside the painted world of Ariamis.\nSpecial beings have special souls. Use the soul of this crossbreed bastard child and antithesis to all life to acquire a huge amoung of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Soul of Gwyndolin	"Soul of Darkmoon Gwyndolin, god of the Dark Sun and guardian of deserted Anor Londo.\nSpecial beings have special souls. Use the soul of Gwyn's lastborn to acquire a huge amount of souls, or to create a unique weapon."
Item	Guardian Soul	"Soul of the white winged lion sanctuary watchkeeper, who dreaded the spread of the Abyss.\nThe Guardian exhibited traits of several animals other than lions, suggesting that it was no ordinary beast, but rather closer to the beings known as Demons.\n\n\n\n\n"
Item	Soul of Artorias	"Soul of Lord Gwyn's Knight Artorias, who was consumed by the Abyss.\nThe legend that Artorias repelled the Abyss only told half of the story.\nIt seems that he was defeated, and his honor preserved, by some unsung hero, who is the true victor over the Abyss."
Item	Soul of Manus	"Soul of Manus, Father of the Abyss. This extraordinary soul is a viscous, lukewarm lump of gentle humanity.\nAncient Manus was clearly once human. But he became the Father of the Abyss after his humanity went wild, eternally seeking his precious broken pendant."
Item	Large Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. A large, high-quality ember. Handled by the blacksmiths of Astora.\nAscension for +5 standard weapon. Allows reinforcement to +10.\nAlso, can ascend +5 std wpn to raw wpn. (raw weapon can be reinforced to +5)"
Item	Very Large Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. Huge ember of highest quality. Handled by the blacksmiths of Astora.\nAscension for +10 standard weapon. Allows reinforcement to +15, on par with the greatest weapons of legend."
Item	Crystal Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. Crystal ember created by Seath the Scaleless. Handled only by the giant God's blacksmiths.\nAscends +10 standard wpn to crystal weapon. (crystal weapon can be reinforced to +5)\nCrystal weapons are powerful but brittle, and cannot be repaired once broken."
Item	Large Magic Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. Large magic ember, a form of sorcery. Handled only by the Vinheim magic blacksmiths.\nAscends +5 magic weapon. Allows reinforcement to +10, the most powerful level for magic weapons."
Item	Enchanted Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. This enchanted ember, a form of sorcery, is a vestige of the lost land of Oolacile.\nAscends +5 magic wpn to enchanted weapon. (enchanted weapon can be reinforced to +5)\nThe sorcerer's enchanted weapon that inflicts magic damage and is boosted by intelligence."
Item	Divine Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. Divine embers are property of the church, and intended for divine blacksmiths.\nAscends +5 standard wpn to divine weapon. (divine weapon can be reinforced to +5)\nDivine weapons are for Undead hunting. Use against Undead and the pawns of necromancers."
Item	Large Divine Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. Large divine ember, of secret church rites. Intended for select divine blacksmiths.\nAscends +5 divine weapon. Allows reinforcement to +10, on par with the very weapons of the Gods."
Item	Dark Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. The church long hid the forbidden black ember, and no living blacksmith knows of it.\nAscends +5 divine weapon to occult weapon. (occult weapon can be reinforced to +5)\nOccult weapons were used to hunt the Gods, and are effective against their followers and kin."
Item	Large Flame Ember	"Ember required for weapon ascension. Large flame ember used in ancient rites. Handled only by blacksmiths knowledgeable in ancient methods.\nAscends +5 fire weapon. Allows reinforcement to +10, the most powerful level for fire weapons.\n\n"
Item	Chaos Flame Ember	Ember required for weapon ascension. Chaos Flame Ember is an art of the lost city of Izalith. Handled only by blacksmiths knowledgeable in ancient methods.\nAscends +5 flame weapon to chaos weapon. (chaos weapon can be reinforced to +5) Chaos weapons are demon weapons augmented by humanity which inflict fire damage.
Item	Titanite Shard	Titanite shard for weapon reinforcement. Most common titanite material. Reinforces standard weapons to +5.\nTitanite shards are fragments of the Legendary Slabs. Titanite is etched into weapons to reinforce.\n
Item	Large Titanite Shard	"Titanite shard for weapon reinforcement. Larger titanite material. Reinforces standard weapons to +10, and raw weapons to +5.\nTitanite shards are fragments of the Legendary Slabs. Titanite is etched into weapons to reinforce.\n"
Item	Green Titanite Shard	"Titanite shard for weapon reinforcement. Green titanite imbued with a special power. Reinforces magic, divine, and fire weapons to +5.\nTitanite shards are fragments of the Legendary Slabs. Titanite is etched into weapons to reinforce."
Item	Titanite Chunk	"Titanite chunk for weapon reinforcement. Not found outside of Lordran. Reinforces standard weapons to +14, and crystal, lightning weapons to +4.\nWith the discovery of chunks in Lordran, the race to locate the Legendary Slabs has begun. But could they be mere myth?"
Item	Blue Titanite Chunk	"Titanite chunk for weapon reinforcement. Blue titanite has powerful magic energy. Reinforces magic weapons to +9, and enchanted weapons to +4.\nWith the discovery of chunks in Lordran, the race to locate the Legendary Slabs has begun. But could they be mere myth?"
Item	White Titanite Chunk	"Titanite chunk for weapon reinforcement. White titanite has powerful miracle energy. Reinforces divine weapons to +9, and occult weapons to +4.\nWith the discovery of chunks in Lordran, the race to locate the Legendary Slabs has begun. But could they be mere myth?"
Item	Red Titanite Chunk	"Titanite chunk for weapon reinforcement. Red titanite has powerful fire energy. Reinforces fire weapons to +9, and chaos weapons to +4.\nWith the discovery of chunks in Lordran, the race to locate the Legendary Slabs has begun. But could they be mere myth?"
Item	Titanite Slab	"Titanite slab for weapon reinforcement. Legendary Slabs were the domain of the Gods. Reinforces standard weapons to +15, and crystal or lightning weapons to +5.\nLegendary Slabs are the heirlooms of a nameless blacksmith deity, who forged the weapons of other Gods. Weapons forged with this slab become rare legendary weapons.\n"
Item	Blue Titanite Slab	"Blue titanite slab for weapon reinforcement. Legendary Slabs were the domain of the Gods. Reinforces magic weapons to +10, and enchanted weapons to +5.\nLegendary Slabs are the heirlooms of a nameless blacksmith deity, who forged the weapons of other Gods. Weapons forged with this slab become rare legendary weapons.\n"
Item	White Titanite Slab	"White titanite slab for weapon reinforcement. Legendary Slabs were the domain of the Gods. Reinforces divine weapons to +10, and occult weapons to +5.\nLegendary Slabs are the heirlooms of a nameless blacksmith deity, who forged the weapons of other Gods. Weapons forged with this slab become rare legendary weapons.\n"
Item	Red Titanite Slab	"Red titanite slab for weapon reinforcement. Legendary Slabs were the domain of the Gods. Reinforces fire weapons to +10, and chaos weapons to +5.\nLegendary Slabs are the heirlooms of a nameless blacksmith deity, who forged the weapons of other Gods. Weapons forged with this slab become rare legendary weapons.\n"
Item	Dragon Scale	"Dragon scale for reinforcing dragon weapons. Peeled from an ancient dragon.\nA dragon is inseparable from its scales, and the transcendent apostles, who seek the perpetuity of the ancient dragons, have crossed the very end of the earth to seek this invaluable treasure."
Item	Demon Titanite	"Special titanite stolen from a faceless stone beast known as a Titanite Demon.\nWhen the nameless blacksmith deity passed, from several Slabs, great beasts arose. The power of titanite remains within them, and they still roam Lordran today."
Item	Twinkling Titanite	"This weapon-reinforcing titanite is imbued with a particularly powerful energy. Reinforces weapons that cannot be reinforced normally to +5.\nAfter this titanite was peeled from its Slab, it is said that it received a special power, but its specific nature is not clear."
Item	Basement Key	"Opens the narrow passage leading below at the far face of the great bridge in the Undead Burg.\nThe lower Undead Burg is a treacherous place. Do not turn your back on the wily thieves, or the wild dogs who serve the Capra Demon."
Item	Crest of Artorias	"This crest opens a door in the Darkroot Garden sealed by ancient magic.\nThe door leads to the grave of Sir Artorias the Abysswalker. Many adventurers have left for the grave, but none have returned, for they make easy prey for local bandits. With such dangers, the crest can do more harm than good in the hands of the uninitiated."
Item	Cage Key	"Key to the hanging cage in Sen's Fortress.\nIf a hapless adventurer becomes fatigued during an imprudent attempt to overcome the fortress, the serpent men will not kill him, but lock him up in a lonely cage. Eventually, unless they have forgotten, they drag the victim off to who-knows-where."
Item	Archive Tower Cell Key	"Key to the cell of the Duke's Archive Tower.\nThe Archive Tower, once a trove of precious tomes and letters, became a prison after the onset of Seath's madness. The serpent men who guard the prison know not the value of what they hide. In the basement of the tower are the writhing \mistakes\""of the terrifying experiments which were conducted there."""
Item	Archive Tower Giant Door Key	"Key to the giant door leading out from the uppermost floor of Archive Tower, which now serves as a prison.\nThe key's design resembles not the key of a prison; indeed, the tower was once no prison at all, but a trove of precious tomes."
Item	Archive Tower Giant Cell Key	"Key to the giant cell below the Duke's Archive Tower.\nThe giant cell once imprisoned countless maidens, but is now empty, save for a few key persons. They struggle to uphold their sanity, as the horde of \mistakes\""writhe at a fearfully close proximity."""
Item	Blighttown Key	"Key to Blighttown from the Depths of the Undead Burg. Swallowed by the Gaping Dragon.\nAs its name suggests, Blighttown is a place of great pestilence. Even the polluted inhabitants of the Depths are aware of its dangers, and built this mighty door in hopes that they could remain safely separated."
Item	Key to New Londo Ruins	"Key to the iron bars separating the ruins of New Londo and Drake Valley.\nThe ruins of New Londo were blocked off, for the cursed ghosts posed danger to life and spirit, and the legends speak of a terrible Dark which was sealed away."
Item	Annex Key	"Key to the annex in the Painted World of Ariamis.\nIn the wintery painted world, there is a structure resembling an old cathedral; its annex serves as a type of storehouse."
Item	Dungeon Cell Key	"Key to the dungeon of the Undead Asylum to the North.\nA mysterious knight, without saying a word, shoved a corpse down into the cell, and on its person was this key. Who was this knight? And what was his purpose? There may be no answers, but one must still forge ahead."
Item	Big Pilgrim's Key	Key to the inner door of the Undead Asylum main hall. Big key belonging to a chosen Undead pilgrim.\nBut this Chosen Undead knows not what this pilgrimage has in store.
Item	Undead Asylum F2 East Key	"Key to the iron bars on the east side of the second floor of the North Undead Asylum.\nThe Undead Asylum is a giant Undead prison, segmented by countless iron bars.\nEven if an Undead were to escape from a cell, passage to the outside world would not be gained easily."
Item	Key to the Seal	"Key to the floodgates of New Londo, which seal away the Four Kings who fell to Dark.\nThe Sealers flooded New Londo to banish the Darkwraiths and the Four Kings. The agonizing decision was made with the realization that countless lives, and the robust culture of the city, would be lost. The victims now roam the ruins as ghosts."
Item	Key to Depths	"Key opening the door from the lower Undead Burg to the Depths.\nThose banished from the Undead Burg eke out their existence in the Depths, a damp lair with no trace of sunlight. Nearly half of the Depths form a perilous flooded labyrinth.\n"
Item	Lift Chamber Key	"Key opening the lift leading to New Londo ruins in the basement of Firelink Shrine.\nThe ruins of New Londo were blocked off, for the cursed ghosts posed danger to life and spirit, and the legends speak of a terrible Dark which was sealed away."
Item	Undead Asylum F2 West Key	"Key to the iron bars on the west side of the second floor of the North Undead Asylum.\nThe Undead Asylum is a giant Undead prison, segmented by countless iron bars.\nBut even if a hero found a key in Lordran to liberate this prison, would he have the means, or the heart, to ever come back?"
Item	Mystery Key	The purpose of this key is unknown. It appears to be a basic prison cell key.
Item	Sewer Chamber Key	"Key to the sewer chamber in the Depths.\nIn any community, a few bad apples are sure to exhibit insatiable greed. If they were turned Undead, and banished to the Depths, would they reconsider their ways?\nUse this key to see for yourself."
Item	Watchtower Basement Key	"Key to the basement of the watchtower in the Undead Burg.\nThe basement of the watchtower forms a stone cell. There are rumors of a hero turned Hollow who was locked away by a dear friend. For his own good, of course."
Item	Archive Prison Extra Key	"Extra key to a cell in the Duke's Archive Tower.\nPerhaps the serpent men were careless, for there are several keys scattered about which fit Archive Tower cells."
Item	Residence Key	"Key to a residence in the Undead Burg. Simple, sturdy design of the locks in the Burg keep out unwanted visitors.\nBut this is a standard key in these parts, and will open several residences."
Item	Crest Key	"Bent Crest Key.\nThe grooves of the crest are enchanted, the door sealed with a powerful spell."
Item	Master Key	"This universal key opens any basic lock. Tool of the trade for thieves.\nBut in the cursed land of the Undead, most doors are better left unopened."
Item	Lord Soul	"Soul of Gravelord Nito, first of the dead. This Lord Soul was discovered at the dawn of the Age of Fire.\nGravelord Nito administers the death of all manner of beings. The power of this soul is so great that it satiates the Lordvessel, despite the fact that much of its energy has already been offered to death."
Item	Lord Soul	"Soul of the Bed of Chaos and the mother of all demons. This Lord Soul was found at the dawn of the Age of Fire.\nThe Witch of Izalith attempted to duplicate the First Flame from a soul, but instead created a distorted being of chaos and fire. Its power formed a bed of life which would become the source of all demons, and is more than enough to satiate the Lordvessel."
Item	Bequeathed Lord Soul Shard	"Soul of one of the Four Kings, who fell to Dark. A fragment of a Lord Soul discovered at the dawn of the Age of Fire.\nLord Gwyn recognized the foresight of these four great leaders of New Londo, and granted them their ranks and the fragments of a great soul. Although this is not a full Lord Soul, it can still satiate the Lordvessel."
Item	Bequeathed Lord Soul Shard	"Soul of the albino Seath the Scaleless. A fragment of a Lord Soul discovered at the dawn of the Age of Fire.\nSeath allied with Lord Gwyn and turned upon the dragons, and for this he was awarded Dukedom, embraced by the royalty, and given a fragment of a great soul. Although just a piece, it will still satiate the Lordvessel.\n"
Item	Lordvessel	"Lordvessel bestowed upon the chosen Undead who is destined to succeed Lord Gwyn. The chosen Undead is granted the art of warping between bonfires.\nTo open the final door, place this vessel on the Firelink Altar, and fill it with powerful souls."
Item	Broken Pendant	"Half of a broken stone pendant. The vine appears to originate from Oolacile.\nA powerful magic can be sensed from this ancient stone. Yet men of this time can neither manipulate nor sense its power, which has a distinct air consisting of both reverence and nostalgia."
Item	Weapon Smithbox	Tool used to etch titanite into weapons for reinforcement.\nRest at a bonfire to make weapon reinforcement possible.
Item	Armor Smithbox	Tool used to etch titanite into armor for reinforcement.\nRest at a bonfire to make armor reinforcement possible.
Item	Repairbox	"Specialized mortar used to repair weapons and armor by grinding repair powder.\nRest at a bonfire to make weapon and armor repair possible. Repair powder is fragile, and cannot be taken along."
Item	Rite of Kindling	"This secret rite allows bonfires to be bolstered further with Kindling, so that even more Estus can be collected.\nKindling was a sacred rite passed down among clerics, but all Undead can imitate the process, in the same manner that they restore their Hollowing with humanity. How peculiar that humans had found little use for humanity until they turned Undead."
Item	Bottomless Box	"A peculiar bottomless wooden box. Its origins are unknown. Some deride it as a symbol of unbridled avarice.\nAny number of items can be deposited into the box, and items can be managed while resting at a bonfire."
Item	Sorcery: Soul Arrow	"Elementary sorcery. Fire soul arrow.\nSoul arrows inflict magic damage, making them effective against iron armor, tough scales, and other physically resilient materials."
Item	Sorcery: Great Soul Arrow	"Sorcery which improves upon Soul Arrow. Fire strong soul arrow.\nAt the Vinheim Dragon School, the acquisition of this spell marks an apprentice's coronation as a sorcerer."
Item	Sorcery: Heavy Soul Arrow	"Soul sorcery emphasizing power. Fire heavy soul arrow.\nA more powerful, but also slower sorcery. Difficult to use due to a long cool down and a limitation on the number of castings."
Item	Sorcery: Great Heavy Soul Arrow	"Sorcery which improves upon Heavy Soul Arrow. Fire strong heavy soul arrow.\nAs difficult to use as Heavy Soul Arrow, but powerful enough to make it well worth it. Adored by certain sorcerers."
Item	Sorcery: Homing Soulmass	Sorcery developed by Big Hat Logan. Fire homing soulmass.\nLife originates in the soul; no wonder the soulmass draws toward it. This sorcery is a window into seeker Logan's methods.
Item	Sorcery: Homing Crystal Soulmass	"Sorcery boosted by the knowledge. Logan acquired at the Regal Archives. Fire homing crystal soulmass.\nThe mysteries of souls, crystals, and the sorceries are deeply intertwined."
Item	Soul Spear	"Sorcery developed by Big Hat Logan. Fire piercing soul spear.\nA symbol of Logan's strength, the soul spear is referenced repeatedly in the legends, and is said to be on par with Lord Gwyn's lightning."
Item	Sorcery: Crystal Soul Spear	"Sorcery boosted by the knowledge. Logan acquired at the Regal Archives. Fire piercing crystal soul spear.\nThese pale magic spears, sharpened through crystallization, are on par with the armaments of the ancient lords."
Item	Magic Weapon	Sorcery for casters who wield swords. Magic augmentation: right weapon.\nThe power of the magic swordsmen of Vinheim is predicated upon this and Magic Shield. Many warriors learn sorcery just for this.
Item	Sorcery: Great Magic Weapon	"Sorcery which improves upon Magic Weapon. High magic augmentation: right weapon.\nAt Vinheim Dragon School, only magic swordsmen on special orders are allowed to learn this spell which grants powerful augmentation to various weapons."
Item	Sorcery: Crystal Magic Weapon	"Sorcery boosted by the knowledge. Logan acquired at the Regal Archive. High magic + crystallization: right weapon\nLogan's trials were successful, and the crystal medium facilitated a stronger bond between weapon and soul."
Item	Sorcery: Magic Shield	Sorcery for casters who wield swords. Magic augmentation: left shield.\nShields augmented by magic are resistant to magic attacks and have higher stability. This spell makes it possible to challenge powerful foes with a small shield.
Item	Sorcery: Strong Magic Shield	"Sorcery which improves upon Magic Shield. High magic augmentation: left shield.\nAt Vinheim Dragon School, only magic swordsmen on special orders are allowed to learn this spell which grants temporary strength to greatshields."
Item	Sorcery: Hidden Weapon	"Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Turns right weapon invisible.\nNot a simple augmentation, making it dependent on the skill of its caster. An example of the capacity of Oolacile sorceries to control light."
Item	Sorcery: Hidden Body	"Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Turns body nearly invisible.\nAlthough perfect invisibility is unachievable due to the risk of dissipation, the caster need only stand still for a moment to blend in to environs with astounding camouflage.\n\n\n"
Item	Cast Light	Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Cast a bright light upon surroundings.\nThis light-producing sorcery is elementary but nonetheless demonstrates the achievements in mysticism of Oolacile. Such magic has not been developed even in Vinheim.
Item	Sorcery: Hush	"Sorcery developed by a certain surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School. Masks all noises of caster.\nEffectively, Vinheim is controlled by the Dragon School, and it is no wonder that the town has its share of dark secrets."
Item	Sorcery: Aural Decoy	"Sorcery used by playful sorcerers. Lure enemies away by creating a sound originating in the distance.\nThis spell is not the first choice for serious sorcerers, but it has a surprising amount of applications, some of them extremely effective."
Item	Sorcery: Repair	"Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Repair equipped weapons and armor.\nThis sorcery was a part of everyday life in Oolacile. Its effects resemble Repair Powder, which must have found its way into the culture of this lost land."
Item	Sorcery: Fall Control	"Sorcery developed by a certain surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School. Reduce damage and noise from fall.\nThis sorcery, along with Hush, explains the extravagant cost of hiring Vinheim spooks.\n\n"
Item	Sorcery: Chameleon	Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Transform into something inconspicuous.\nA separate stealth spell from Hidden Body. A skilled stealth sorcerer must be aware of his or her surroundings and of which objects are prime candidates for imitation.\n
Item	Sorcery: Resist Curse	"Sorcery of the red-robed remedician. Ingward, guardian of the seal in New Londo Sacrifice humanity to undo curse.\nAbhorrent curses eat away at the core of one's very existence, and cleansing oneself of curses is no easy task indeed."
Item	Sorcery: Remedy	"Sorcery of the red-robed Yulva, one of the Sealers of New Londo. Reduce bleeding and poison build-up, and undo various poisonous effects.\nOne of New Londo's unique healing sorceries. Perhaps she abandoned her Sealer duty to take her healing arts back to Blighttown."
Item	Sorcery: White Dragon Breath	"Sorcery developed by Logan during his infatuation with Seath the Scaleless. Emit crystal breath of Seath the Scaleless.\nAlthough it no longer causes curses, what madness caused old Big Hat to appropriate this frightful power of the ancient dragons?"
Item	Dark Orb	"Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile sorcerer on the brink of madness. Fire giant Dark Orb. In contrast to standard soul sorceries, Abyss sorceries are weighty and inflict physical damage. Perhaps human souls, because of their humanity, produce sorceries with more tangible presence."
Item	Dark Bead	"Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile sorcerer on the brink of madness. Fire successive Dark Orbs.\nIn contrast to standard soul sorceries, Abyss sorceries are weighty and inflict physical damage. Perhaps a human soul is closer to matter in its humanity."
Item	Dark Fog	"Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile sorcerer on the brink of madness. Create a cloud of Dark Fog.\nAlthough Dark Fog is, in theory, relatively close to humanity, it also happens to be a terrible poison for humans. Perhaps it reflects man's cruelty against his own."
Item	Pursuers	"Sorcery of Manus, Father of the Abyss. Grant a fleeting will to the Dark of humanity, and volley the result.\nThe will feels envy, or perhaps love, and despite the inevitably trite and tragic ending, the will sees no alternative, and is driven madly toward its target."
Item	Pyromancy: Fireball	"Standard pyromancy of the Great Swamp. Hurl fireball.\nThe fire damage caused by fireballs makes them effective against corporeal beasts and Undead, who by nature fear flame."
Item	Fire Orb	"Pyromancy which improves upon Fireball. Hurl fire orb.\nThe flaming fire orb explodes upon impact, causing fire splash damage in a spectacle which seems to symbolize the strength of the fire-manipulating pyromancers."
Item	Pyromancy: Great Fireball	"Ultimate fireball pyromancy. Hurl giant fireball.\nSalaman the Master Pyromancer, also called the Great Fireball after this spell, believed pyromancy was rooted in an adoration of fire. Those who acquire this spell usually agree.\n"
Item	Pyromancy: Firestorm	"Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith. Erect fire pillars in vicinity.\nThe storm of flame is indiscriminate, and incinerates all nearby life."
Item	Pyromancy: Fire Tempest	Primal pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith. Erect giant fire pillars in vicinity.\nThe tempestuous raging flames resemble those summoned by the Daughters of Chaos when they challenged the ancient dragons and scorched the very earth.
Item	Pyromancy: Fire Surge	"Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp. Create a surge of flame from palm of hand.\nNot all pyromancy originates in the Great Swamp. One hears rumors of unknown pyromancers inhabiting various lands, and this spell is the work of one such outlander."
Item	Pyromancy: Fire Whip	"Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith. Sweep foes with fire whip.\nThe root pyromancy of Combustion, but much more difficult to wield."
Item	Pyromancy: Combustion	"Elementary pyromancy. Create powerful flame in hand.\nOne of the most basic pyromancies. For this very reason, the flame thus created is fierce."
Item	Great Combustion	"Pyromancy which improves upon Combustion. Create powerful, giant flame in hand.\nGreat Combustion creates a powerful flame, but many sorcerers mock the simplicity of this spell."
Item	Pyromancy: Poison Mist	"Unique pyromancy crafted by Eingyi, considered a heretic even at the Great Swamp Create poison mist.\nEingyi became an egg-bearing Undead who serves a deformed young girl who speaks an unintelligible tongue."
Item	Pyromancy: Toxic Mist	"Unique pyromancy crafted by Eingyi, considered a heretic even at the Great Swamp Create intense poison mist.\nWhy was Eingyi driven from the Great Swamp? One only need cast this pyromancy, a perverse diversion from the art of fire, to find out."
Item	Pyromancy: Acid Surge	"Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp. Emit acid which corrodes weapons and armor.\nNot all pyromancy originates in the Great Swamp. One hears rumors of unknown pyromancers inhabiting various lands, and this spell is the work of one such outlander."
Item	Iron Flesh	"Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power of flame to actualize the inner-self. Iron flesh boosts defense and resilience.\nUse of this pyromancy requires caution, as the caster becomes exceedingly heavy and unable to move freely."
Item	Pyromancy: Flash Sweat	"Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power of flame to actualize the inner-self. Intense sweating reduces flame damage.\nCarmina, the most accomplished pupil of Salaman the Master Pyromancy, pioneered new directions for the art of pyromancy."
Item	Pyromancy: Undead Rapport	"Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power of flame to actualize the inner-self. Short strength/endurance boost, but lose HP.\nExcessive power eats away the life-force of its caster, and like all dangerous spells, Power Within was kept secret for eons."
Item	Pyromancy: Power Within	"Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed the Witch of Izalith and her daughters. Hurl giant chaos fireball, which changes strength depending on humanity.\nThe Flame of Chaos can melt stone, producing a short-lived lava glob."
Item	Pyromancy: Great Chaos Fireball	"Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed the Witch of Izalith and her daughters. Erect localized chaos fire pillars which change strength depending on humanity\nThe Witch of Izalith, in an ambitious attempt to copy the First Flame, created instead the Flame of Chaos, a twisted bed of life."
Item	Pyromancy: Chaos Storm	"Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed the Witch of Izalith and her daughters Sweep foes with chaos fire whip which changes strength depending on humanity\nThe fire whip was wielded by the eldest of the Daughters of Chaos."
Item	Pyromancy: Chaos Fire Whip	Miracles
Item	Black Flame	"A pyromancy discovered from the Dark of the Abyss by a pyromancer who wandered into Oolacile. Conjure a great black flame in one's palm.\nBlack flames are weighty, and inflict physical damage, enough to smack away the mightiest of shields."
Item	Miracle: Heal	"Great miracle cast by advanced clerics. Restores high HP.\nGreat Heal is a long tale, only learned by a select few. No caster will be disappointed by the bountiful life that it yields."
Item	Miracle: Great Heal	"Great miracle cast by advanced clerics. Restores high HP.\nGreat Heal Excerpt borrows from only several verses of Great Heal. As a result, it can only be cast a stark few times."
Item	Great Heal Excerpt	"Special miracle granted to the maidens of Gwynevere, Princess of the Sun. Restores high HP for self and vicinity.\nThe miracles of Gwynevere, the princess cherished by all, grant their blessing to a great many warriors."
Item	Miracle: Soothing Sunlight	"Common miracle amongst cleric knights. Gradual HP restoration.\nBeware of the cleric knight blessed by Replenishment, for he shall not fall easily."
Item	Replenishment	"Special miracle granted to the maidens of Gwynevere, Princess of the Sun. Gradual HP restoration for self and vicinity.\nThe miracles of Gwynevere, the princess cherished by all, grant their blessing to a great many warriors."
Item	Miracle: Bountiful Sunlight	"Miracle known only by the servants of the first dead, Gravelord Nito. Giant Gravelord swords jut out in vicinity.\nNito sleeps deep within the Giant Catacombs, quietly overseeing all death, and waiting for his servants to usher in the Eye of Death."
Item	Miracle: Gravelord Sword Dance	"Miracle known only by the servants of the first dead, Gravelord Nito. Giant Gravelord swords jut out in vicinity.\nMany have died, and many eyes were claimed to realize the Greatsword Dance, a Gravelord ritual known only by his closest servants."
Item	Miracle: Gravelord Greatsword Dance	"Lost miracle, foreign to the Way of White While active, no losses incurred upon death\nThe Way of White recognizes death itself, but admonishes the Undead. It is for this very reason that this miracle was lost."
Item	Miracle: Escape Death	"Great miracle cast by advanced clerics. Return to last bonfire rested at.\nWould normally link to one's homeland, only the curse of the Undead has distorted its power, redirecting casters to a bonfire. Or perhaps for Undead, this serves as home?"
Item	Homeward	"Common miracle amongst cleric knights. Create shockwave.\nThis quickly-acting miracle inflicts no damage, but propels foes back and defends against arrows. Cleric knights use this miracle when charging into enemy mobs.\n\n\n"
Item	Miracle: Force	Primal form of Force. Create powerful shockwave.\nWrath of the Gods was an epic tale that tattered over time and devolved into the modern Force. This primal form of Force emits a shockwave that also inflicts damage.
Item	Miracle: Wrath of the Gods	"Outland miracle, foreign to the Way of White. Emit shockwave.\nConsidered an alternate branching of Force. Emits an expanding shockwave orb."
Item	Miracle: Emit Force	"Miracle of clerics on an Undead mission. Display more guidance from other worlds.\nGuidance facilitates communication between Undead, but their value varies greatly. A balance of faith and wisdom is required."
Item	Seek Guidance	"Miracle passed down to those bound by the Warrior of Sunlight covenant. Hurl lightning spear.\nLightning spears inflict rare lightning damage, and are very effective against magic, fire, and most of all, dragons."
Item	Miracle: Lightning Spear	"Miracle passed down to those bound by the Warrior of Sunlight covenant. Hurl giant lightning spear.\nThe weapon of the God of War, who inherited the sunlight of Lord Gwyn, but had respect only for arms, and nothing else."
Item	Miracle: Great Lightning Spear	"Miracle born from the fading soul of Gwyn. Hurl sunlight spear.\nIn the war that marked the dawn of the Age of Fire, Gwyn wielded these rays of sunlight, which remain fierce even as they fade."
Item	Miracle: Sunlight Spear	"Miracle of Bishop Havel the Rock. Cover body in defensive magic coating.\nThis coating greatly boosts magic defense, assisting warriors who must face the magic which Bishop Havel countered so proficiently."
Item	Miracle: Magic Barrier	"Miracle of Bishop Havel the Rock. Cover body in powerful def. magic coating.\nHavel the Rock, an old battlefield compatriot of Lord Gwyn, was the sworn enemy of Seath the Scaleless. He despised magic, and made certain to devise means of counteraction."
Item	Miracle: Great Magic Barrier	"Miracle of the black-haired witch Velka. Temporary auto counter vs. heavy damage.\nFor each sin there is a punishment, and it is the task of Goddess Velka to define the sin, and mete out the punishment."
Item	Miracle: Karmic Justice	"Miracle of the black-haired witch Velka. Temporary auto counter vs. heavy damage.\nFor each sin there is a punishment, and it is the task of Goddess Velka to define the sin, and mete out the punishment."
Item	Miracle: Tranquil Walk of Peace	"Secret rite of the black-haired witch Velka. Prevents casting of magic within effect area.\nVelka, the Goddess of Sin, is a rogue deity, but she is versed in arts both new and old, and is considered to have a great range of influence even as gods are concerned."
Item	Miracle: Vow of Silence	"Miracle wielded by Lord Gwyn's firstborn. Boost right weapon with rays of Sun.\nThe power of sunlight, manifested as lightning, is very effective against dragons. When the eldest son was stripped of his deific status, he left this on his father's coffin, perhaps as a final farewell."
Item	Miracle: Sunlight Blade	"Miracle granted to those bound by covenant to Gwyndolin, Lord Gwyn's lastborn. Boost right weapon with rays of Darkmoon.\nThe power of the rays of the Darkmoon are manifested in vengeance, and the deeper the animus, the more devastating the attack."
Item	Miracle: Darkmoon Blade	"Miracle granted to those bound by covenant to Gwyndolin, Lord Gwyn's lastborn. Boost right weapon with rays of Darkmoon.\nThe power of the rays of the Darkmoon are manifested in vengeance, and the deeper the animus, the more devastating the attack."
Item	Beckon	
Item	Point forward	
Item	Hurrah!	
Item	Bow	
Item	Joy	
Item	Shrug	
Item	Wave	
Item	Praise the Sun	
Item	Point up	
Item	Point down	
Item	Look skyward	
Item	Well! What is it!	
Item	Prostration	
Item	Proper bow	
Item	Prayer	
Ring	Havel's Ring	"This ring was named after Havel the Rock, Lord Gwyn's old battlefield compatriot.\nHavel's men wore the ring to express faith in their leader and to carry a heavier load."
Ring	Red Tearstone Ring	The rare gem called tearstone has the uncanny ability to sense imminent death.\nThis red tearstone from Carim boosts the attack of its wearer when in danger.
Ring	Darkmoon Blade Covenant Ring	"Ring granted to those bound by the Darkmoon Blade covenant. Answer Dark Sun Gwyndolin's summoning.\nGwyndolin, all too aware of his repulsive, frail appearance, created the illusion of a sister Gwynevere, who helps him guard over Anor Londo. An unmasking of these deities would be tantamount to blasphemy."
Ring	Cat Covenant Ring	Ring granted to those bound by the Forest Hunter covenant. Answer Alvina's summoning.\nThe white cat Alvina speaks a human tongue and has lived since the early Age of Fire. Alvina was a trusted friend of Knight Artorias and the Great Wolf Sif.
Ring	Cloranthy Ring	"This ancient ring, engraved with a large green flower, is of unknown origin.\nHastens the regeneration of stamina."
Ring	Flame Stoneplate Ring	"Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.\nThe red stoneplate symbolizes fire, and boosts defence against flame."
Ring	Thunder Stoneplate Ring	"Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.\nThe yellow stoneplate symbolizes thunder, and boosts defence against lightning."
Ring	Spell Stoneplate Ring	"Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.\nThe blue stoneplate symbolizes souls, and boosts defence against magic."
Ring	Speckled Stoneplate Ring	"Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.\nThe precious rare speckled stoneplate grants a small boost to defence against magic, flame, and lightning."
Ring	Bloodbite Ring	"One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim.\nDespite the dreadful rumors surrounding its creation, this ring is an unmistakable asset, in its ability to help prevent bleeding."
Ring	Poisonbite Ring	"One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim.\nDespite the dreadful rumors surrounding its creation, this ring is an unmistakable asset, in its ability to help prevent poison."
Ring	Tiny Being's Ring	"Ring made of an ancient tiny red jewel. Grants small increase to HP.\nRings grant powers large and small. Their discovery, and effective use, can make one's journey easier."
Ring	Cursebite Ring	"One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim.\nDespite the dreadful rumors surrounding its creation, this ring is an unmistakable asset, in its ability to help prevent curses."
Ring	White Seance Ring	"A divine ring entrusted to the head bishop of the Way of White and apostle to Allfather Lloyd, uncle to Lord Gwyn. It grants additional attunement slots.\nThe head bishop of the Way of White is the guardian of law and caste, and one of the great royals of Thorolund."
Ring	Bellowing Dragoncrest Ring	"A special ring granted to only the most accomplished sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe ring is engraved with an everlasting dragon, and boosts the strength of sorceries."
Ring	Dusk Crown Ring	"This magic crown-shaped ring was granted to princess Dusk of Oolacile upon her birth.\nThe ringstone allows its wearer to cast additional sorceries, but at the cost of one-half of HP."
Ring	Hornet Ring	"One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Hornet Ring belonged to the Lord's Blade Ciaran.\nBy boosting critical attacks, its wearer can annihilate foes, as Ciaran's dagger laid waste to Lord Gwyn's enemies."
Ring	Hawk Ring	"One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Hawk Ring belonged to Hawkeye Gough, who led the Greatarchers.\nBoosts bow range, so that arrows fly like they were shot by Gough's great bow, which took down high-flying dragons."
Ring	Ring of Steel Protection	"This ring belonged to the Knight King Rendal. It grants its wearer protection by boosting defense against physical attacks.\nOf the many legends surrounding the Knight King Rendal, one of the more well-known speaks of his standing down a giant drake and slashing it to pieces."
Ring	Covetous Gold Serpent Ring	"The serpent is an imperfect dragon and symbol of the Undead. Its habit of devouring prey even larger than itself has led to an association with gluttony.\nThis gold ring, engraved with the serpent, boosts its wearer's item discovery, so that more items can be amassed."
Ring	Covetous Silver Serpent Ring	"The serpent is an imperfect dragon and symbol of the Undead. Its habit of devouring prey even larger than itself has led to an association with gluttony.\nThis silver ring, engraved with the serpent, rewards its wearer with additional souls for each kill."
Ring	Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring	"This ring was secretly worn by a certain surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe ring is engraved with an everlasting dragon in silent slumber, and masks all sound emitting from its wearer."
Ring	Ring of Fog	"Those who befriend Alvina are given this mysterious ring. It resembles a pearl with its robust pure-white fog.\nThe ring camouflages its wearer's presence, helping to prevent detection."
Ring	Rusted Iron Ring	"This iron ring was used to shackle the guilty. It is terribly rusted, and faintly stained with blood.\nThose who find this strange ring to their liking will be pleased to find it easier to gain footing on poor ground such as swamps."
Ring	Ring of Sacrifice	"This mystical ring was created in a sacrificial rite of Velka, the Goddess of Sin.\nIts wearer will lose nothing upon death, but the ring itself breaks."
Ring	Rare Ring of Sacrifice	"This mystical ring was created in a sacrificial rite of Velka, the Goddess of Sin. The magenta-shaded ring is especially rare.\nIts wearer will lose nothing upon death, and will be freed from any curse whatsoever, but the ring itself breaks."
Ring	Dark Wood Grain Ring	"This special ring crafted in an Eastern land is made of gold, but with a wood grain crest on its surface.\nAgents of subterfuge in this faraway land are particularly fond of the dark gold wood grain, which greatly alters its wearer's rolling action."
Ring	Ring of the Sun Princess	"This ring is granted to those who enter a Covenant with Gwynevere, daughter of Lord Gwyn and the Princess of Sunlight. This slightly warm ring boosts the synergy of miracles.\nThe Princess of Sunlight Gwynevere left Anor Londo along with many other deities, and later became wife to Flame God Flann."
Ring	Ring of Condemnation	"This black diamond ring is granted to those who enter a Covenant with Velka, the Goddess of Sin. It automatically counterattacks when its wearer inflicts sustained damage.\nVelka the Goddess of Sin is an eccentric witch versed in various secret rites, an"
Ring	Ring of Blind Ghosts	"This ring belonged to the seal guardian of New Londo. It prevents its wearer's discovery by cursed ghosts.\nThere were once three guardians of the seal, but two of them tired of their eternal task, and left New Londo long ago."
Ring	Old Witch's Ring	"Old ring from an old witch.\nEngraved minutely with indecipherable script, but seemingly useless."
Ring	Covenant of Artorias	"This ring symbolizes Knight Artorias's covenant with the beasts of the Abyss.\nIts wearer, like Artorias himself, can traverse the Abyss."
Ring	Orange Charred Ring	"An orange ring enchanted by a witch. Reduces lava damage.\nSince his sores were inflamed by lava from birth, his witch sisters gave him this special ring. But fool that he is, he readily dropped it, and from that spot, a terrible centipede demon was born."
Ring	Ring of Displacement	"The ring of a lost miracle of New Londo. This ring takes damage in place of its wearer, but has a fixed chance of breaking.\nAs evidenced by this ring, the culture of New Londo was unique, and its flooding is widely considered to be a great loss."
Ring	Lingering Dragoncrest Ring	"A special ring granted to only the most accomplished sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.\nThe ring is engraved with a lingering dragon, and boosts the length of the effects of sorceries."
Ring	Ring of the Evil Eye	"According to legend, this ring contains the spirit of the evil eye, a dark beast which assaulted Astora.\nThe strength of the evil eye does not waver, and HP is absorbed from fallen enemies."
Ring	Ring of Favor and Protection	"A ring symbolizing the favor and protection of the goddess Fina, known in legend to possess \fateful beauty.\""\nThis ring boosts its wearer's HP, stamina, and max equipment load, but breaks if ever removed."""
Ring	Leo Ring	One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Leo Ring belonged to Ornstein the Dragonslayer.\nThis ring strengthens counters with pierce weapons. His lugged spear is said to have sliced a boulder in two.
Ring	East Wood Grain Ring	"This special ring crafted in an Eastern land is made of gold, but with a wood grain crest on its surface.\nThe ring slows the loss of weapon durability and is particularly useful to bearers of delicate swords crafted in the East."
Ring	Wolf Ring	"One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Wolf Ring belongs to Artorias the Abysswalker.\nArtorias had an unbendable will of steel, and was unmatched with a greatsword.\n"
Ring	Blue Tearstone Ring	The rare gem called tearstone has the uncanny ability to sense imminent death.\nThis blue tearstone from Catarina boosts the defence of its wearer when in danger.
Ring	Ring of the Sun's Firstborn	"Lord Gwyn's firstborn, who inherited the sunlight, once wore this ancient ring. Boosts the strength of miracles.\nLord Gwyn's firstborn was a god of war, but his foolishness led to a loss of the annals, and rescinding of his deific status. Today, even his name is not known."
Ring	Darkmoon Seance Ring	"This ring is granted to adherents of Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity and last born of Gwyn, Lord of Sunlight. Grants additional magic attunement slots.\nThe Dark Sun Gwyndolin is the only remaining deity in Anor Londo. His followers are few, but their tasks are of vital importance."
Ring	Calamity Ring	"A ring enchanted by the orange eye of Kalameet, the bringer of calamity. Doubles damage received by its wearer.\nA useless ring befitting of no finger. Best left unknown, or at least well hidden."
Spell	Soul Arrow	"Elementary sorcery. Fire soul arrow.\nSoul arrows inflict magic damage, making them effective against iron armor, tough scales, and other physically resilient materials."
Spell	Great Soul Arrow	"Sorcery which improves upon Soul Arrow. Fire strong soul arrow.\nAt the Vinheim Dragon School, the acquisition of this spell marks an apprentice's coronation as a sorcerer."
Spell	Heavy Soul Arrow	"Soul sorcery emphasizing power. Fire heavy soul arrow.\nA more powerful, but also slower sorcery. Difficult to use due to a long cool down and a limitation on the number of castings."
Spell	Great Heavy Soul Arrow	"Sorcery which improves upon Heavy Soul Arrow. Fire strong heavy soul arrow.\nAs difficult to use as Heavy Soul Arrow, but powerful enough to make it well worth it. Adored by certain sorcerers."
Spell	Homing Soulmass	Sorcery developed by Big Hat Logan. Fire homing soulmass.\nLife originates in the soul; no wonder the soulmass draws toward it. This sorcery is a window into seeker Logan's methods.
Spell	Homing Crystal Soulmass	"Sorcery boosted by the knowledge. Logan acquired at the Regal Archives. Fire homing crystal soulmass.\nThe mysteries of souls, crystals, and the sorceries are deeply intertwined."
Spell	Soul Spear	"Sorcery developed by Big Hat Logan. Fire piercing soul spear.\nA symbol of Logan's strength, the soul spear is referenced repeatedly in the legends, and is said to be on par with Lord Gwyn's lightning."
Spell	Crystal Soul Spear	"Sorcery boosted by the knowledge. Logan acquired at the Regal Archives. Fire piercing crystal soul spear.\nThese pale magic spears, sharpened through crystallization, are on par with the armaments of the ancient lords."
Spell	Magic Weapon	Sorcery for casters who wield swords. Magic augmentation: right weapon.\nThe power of the magic swordsmen of Vinheim is predicated upon this and Magic Shield. Many warriors learn sorcery just for this.
Spell	Great Magic Weapon	"Sorcery which improves upon Magic Weapon. High magic augmentation: right weapon.\nAt Vinheim Dragon School, only magic swordsmen on special orders are allowed to learn this spell which grants powerful augmentation to various weapons."
Spell	Crystal Magic Weapon	"Sorcery boosted by the knowledge. Logan acquired at the Regal Archive. High magic + crystallization: right weapon\nLogan's trials were successful, and the crystal medium facilitated a stronger bond between weapon and soul."
Spell	Magic Shield	Sorcery for casters who wield swords. Magic augmentation: left shield.\nShields augmented by magic are resistant to magic attacks and have higher stability. This spell makes it possible to challenge powerful foes with a small shield.
Spell	Strong Magic Shield	"Sorcery which improves upon Magic Shield. High magic augmentation: left shield.\nAt Vinheim Dragon School, only magic swordsmen on special orders are allowed to learn this spell which grants temporary strength to greatshields."
Spell	Hidden Weapon	"Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Turns right weapon invisible.\nNot a simple augmentation, making it dependent on the skill of its caster. An example of the capacity of Oolacile sorceries to control light."
Spell	Hidden Body	"Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Turns body nearly invisible.\nAlthough perfect invisibility is unachievable due to the risk of dissipation, the caster need only stand still for a moment to blend in to environs with astounding camouflage.\n\n\n"
Spell	Cast Light	Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Cast a bright light upon surroundings.\nThis light-producing sorcery is elementary but nonetheless demonstrates the achievements in mysticism of Oolacile. Such magic has not been developed even in Vinheim.
Spell	Hush	"Sorcery developed by a certain surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School. Masks all noises of caster.\nEffectively, Vinheim is controlled by the Dragon School, and it is no wonder that the town has its share of dark secrets."
Spell	Aural Decoy	"Sorcery used by playful sorcerers. Lure enemies away by creating a sound originating in the distance.\nThis spell is not the first choice for serious sorcerers, but it has a surprising amount of applications, some of them extremely effective."
Spell	Repair	"Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Repair equipped weapons and armor.\nThis sorcery was a part of everyday life in Oolacile. Its effects resemble Repair Powder, which must have found its way into the culture of this lost land."
Spell	Fall Control	"Sorcery developed by a certain surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School. Reduce damage and noise from fall.\nThis sorcery, along with Hush, explains the extravagant cost of hiring Vinheim spooks.\n\n"
Spell	Chameleon	Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile. Transform into something inconspicuous.\nA separate stealth spell from Hidden Body. A skilled stealth sorcerer must be aware of his or her surroundings and of which objects are prime candidates for imitation.
Spell	Resist Curse	"Sorcery of the red-robed remedician. Ingward, guardian of the seal in New Londo Sacrifice humanity to undo curse.\nAbhorrent curses eat away at the core of one's very existence, and cleansing oneself of curses is no easy task indeed."
Spell	Remedy	"Sorcery of the red-robed Yulva, one of the Sealers of New Londo. Reduce bleeding and poison build-up, and undo various poisonous effects.\nOne of New Londo's unique healing sorceries. Perhaps she abandoned her Sealer duty to take her healing arts back to Blighttown."
Spell	White Dragon Breath	"Sorcery developed by Logan during his infatuation with Seath the Scaleless. Emit crystal breath of Seath the Scaleless.\nAlthough it no longer causes curses, what madness caused old Big Hat to appropriate this frightful power of the ancient dragons?"
Spell	Dark Orb	"Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile sorcerer on the brink of madness. Fire giant Dark Orb. In contrast to standard soul sorceries, Abyss sorceries are weighty and inflict physical damage. Perhaps human souls, because of their humanity, produce sorceries with more tangible presence."
Spell	Dark Bead	"Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile sorcerer on the brink of madness. Fire successive Dark Orbs.\nIn contrast to standard soul sorceries, Abyss sorceries are weighty and inflict physical damage. Perhaps a human soul is closer to matter in its humanity."
Spell	Dark Fog	"Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile sorcerer on the brink of madness. Create a cloud of Dark Fog.\nAlthough Dark Fog is, in theory, relatively close to humanity, it also happens to be a terrible poison for humans. Perhaps it reflects man's cruelty against his own."
Spell	Pursuers	"Sorcery of Manus, Father of the Abyss. Grant a fleeting will to the Dark of humanity, and volley the result.\nThe will feels envy, or perhaps love, and despite the inevitably trite and tragic ending, the will sees no alternative, and is driven madly toward its target."
Spell	Fireball	"Standard pyromancy of the Great Swamp. Hurl fireball.\nThe fire damage caused by fireballs makes them effective against corporeal beasts and Undead, who by nature fear flame."
Spell	Fire Orb	"Pyromancy which improves upon Fireball. Hurl fire orb.\nThe flaming fire orb explodes upon impact, causing fire splash damage in a spectacle which seems to symbolize the strength of the fire-manipulating pyromancers."
Spell	Great Fireball	"Ultimate fireball pyromancy. Hurl giant fireball.\nSalaman the Master Pyromancer, also called the Great Fireball after this spell, believed pyromancy was rooted in an adoration of fire. Those who acquire this spell usually agree.\n"
Spell	Firestorm	"Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith. Erect fire pillars in vicinity.\nThe storm of flame is indiscriminate, and incinerates all nearby life."
Spell	Fire Tempest	Primal pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith. Erect giant fire pillars in vicinity.\nThe tempestuous raging flames resemble those summoned by the Daughters of Chaos when they challenged the ancient dragons and scorched the very earth.
Spell	Fire Surge	"Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp. Create a surge of flame from palm of hand.\nNot all pyromancy originates in the Great Swamp. One hears rumors of unknown pyromancers inhabiting various lands, and this spell is the work of one such outlander."
Spell	Fire Whip	"Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith. Sweep foes with fire whip.\nThe root pyromancy of Combustion, but much more difficult to wield."
Spell	Combustion	"Elementary pyromancy. Create powerful flame in hand.\nOne of the most basic pyromancies. For this very reason, the flame thus created is fierce."
Spell	Great Combustion	"Pyromancy which improves upon Combustion. Create powerful, giant flame in hand.\nGreat Combustion creates a powerful flame, but many sorcerers mock the simplicity of this spell."
Spell	Poison Mist	"Unique pyromancy crafted by Eingyi, considered a heretic even at the Great Swamp Create poison mist.\nEingyi became an egg-bearing Undead who serves a deformed young girl who speaks an unintelligible tongue."
Spell	Toxic Mist	"Unique pyromancy crafted by Eingyi, considered a heretic even at the Great Swamp Create intense poison mist.\nWhy was Eingyi driven from the Great Swamp? One only need cast this pyromancy, a perverse diversion from the art of fire, to find out."
Spell	Acid Surge	"Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp. Emit acid which corrodes weapons and armor.\nNot all pyromancy originates in the Great Swamp. One hears rumors of unknown pyromancers inhabiting various lands, and this spell is the work of one such outlander."
Spell	Iron Flesh	"Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power of flame to actualize the inner-self. Iron flesh boosts defense and resilience.\nUse of this pyromancy requires caution, as the caster becomes exceedingly heavy and unable to move freely."
Spell	Flash Sweat	"Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power of flame to actualize the inner-self. Intense sweating reduces flame damage.\nCarmina, the most accomplished pupil of Salaman the Master Pyromancer, pioneered new directions for the art of pyromancy."
Spell	Undead Rapport	"Advanced pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith. Charm Undead and gain temporary allies.\nThe living are lured by flame, and this relationship is part and parcel to the art of pyromancy. Can be used by either gender."
Spell	Power Within	"Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power of flame to actualize the inner-self. Short strength/endurance boost, but lose HP.\nExcessive power eats away the life-force of its caster, and like all dangerous spells, Power Within was kept secret for eons."
Spell	Great Chaos Fireball	"Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed the Witch of Izalith and her daughters. Hurl giant chaos fireball, which changes strength depending on humanity.\nThe Flame of Chaos can melt stone, producing a short-lived lava glob."
Spell	Chaos Storm	"Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed the Witch of Izalith and her daughters. Erect localized chaos fire pillars which change strength depending on humanity.\nThe Witch of Izalith, in an ambitious attempt to copy the First Flame, created instead the Flame of Chaos, a twisted bed of life."
Spell	Chaos Fire Whip	"Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed the Witch of Izalith and her daughters. Sweep foes with chaos fire whip which changes strength depending on humanity.\nThe fire whip was wielded by the eldest of the Daughters of Chaos."
Spell	Black Flame	"A pyromancy discovered from the Dark of the Abyss by a pyromancer who wandered into Oolacile. Conjure a great black flame in one's palm.\nBlack flames are weighty, and inflict physical damage, enough to smack away the mightiest of shields."
Spell	Heal	"Elementary miracle cast by clerics. Restores HP.\nTo cast a miracle, the caster learns a tale of the Gods, and says a prayer to be blessed by its revelations. Heal is the shortest of such miraculous tales."
Spell	Great Heal	"Great miracle cast by advanced clerics. Restores high HP.\nGreat Heal is a long tale, only learned by a select few. No caster will be disappointed by the bountiful life that it yields."
Spell	Great Heal Excerpt	"Great miracle cast by advanced clerics. Restores high HP.\nGreat Heal Excerpt borrows from only several verses of Great Heal. As a result, it can only be cast a stark few times."
Spell	Soothing Sunlight	"Special miracle granted to the maidens of Gwynevere, Princess of the Sun. Restores high HP for self and vicinity.\nThe miracles of Gwynevere, the princess cherished by all, grant their blessing to a great many warriors."
Spell	Replenishment	"Common miracle amongst cleric knights. Gradual HP restoration.\nBeware of the cleric knight blessed by Replenishment, for he shall not fall easily."
Spell	Bountiful Sunlight	"Special miracle granted to the maidens of Gwynevere, Princess of the Sun. Gradual HP restoration for self and vicinity.\nThe miracles of Gwynevere, the princess cherished by all, grant their blessing to a great many warriors."
Spell	Gravelord Sword Dance	"Miracle known only by the servants of the first dead, Gravelord Nito. Giant Gravelord swords jut out in vicinity.\nNito sleeps deep within the Giant Catacombs, quietly overseeing all death, and waiting for his servants to usher in the Eye of Death."
Spell	Gravelord Greatsword Dance	"Miracle known only by the servants of the first dead, Gravelord Nito. Giant Gravelord swords jut out in vicinity.\nMany have died, and many eyes were claimed to realize the Greatsword Dance, a Gravelord ritual known only by his closest servants."
Spell	Escape Death	"Lost miracle, foreign to the Way of White While active, no losses incurred upon death\nThe Way of White recognizes death itself, but admonishes the Undead. It is for this very reason that this miracle was lost."
Spell	Homeward	"Great miracle cast by advanced clerics. Return to last bonfire rested at.\nWould normally link to one's homeland, only the curse of the Undead has distorted its power, redirecting casters to a bonfire. Or perhaps for Undead, this serves as home?"
Spell	Force	"Common miracle amongst cleric knights. Create shockwave.\nThis quickly-acting miracle inflicts no damage, but propels foes back and defends against arrows. Cleric knights use this miracle when charging into enemy mobs.\n\n\n"
Spell	Wrath of the Gods	Primal form of Force. Create powerful shockwave.\nWrath of the Gods was an epic tale that tattered over time and devolved into the modern Force. This primal form of Force emits a shockwave that also inflicts damage.
Spell	Emit Force	"Outland miracle, foreign to the Way of White. Emit shockwave.\nConsidered an alternate branching of Force. Emits an expanding shockwave orb."
Spell	Seek Guidance	"Miracle of clerics on an Undead mission. Display more guidance from other worlds.\nGuidance facilitates communication between Undead, but their value varies greatly. A balance of faith and wisdom is required."
Spell	Lightning Spear	"Miracle passed down to those bound by the Warrior of Sunlight covenant. Hurl lightning spear.\nLightning spears inflict rare lightning damage, and are very effective against magic, fire, and most of all, dragons."
Spell	Great Lightning Spear	"Miracle passed down to those bound by the Warrior of Sunlight covenant. Hurl giant lightning spear.\nThe weapon of the God of War, who inherited the sunlight of Lord Gwyn, but had respect only for arms, and nothing else."
Spell	Sunlight Spear	"Miracle born from the fading soul of Gwyn. Hurl sunlight spear.\nIn the war that marked the dawn of the Age of Fire, Gwyn wielded these rays of sunlight, which remain fierce even as they fade."
Spell	Magic Barrier	"Miracle of Bishop Havel the Rock. Cover body in defensive magic coating.\nThis coating greatly boosts magic defense, assisting warriors who must face the magic which Bishop Havel countered so proficiently."
Spell	Great Magic Barrier	"Miracle of Bishop Havel the Rock. Cover body in powerful def. magic coating.\nHavel the Rock, an old battlefield compatriot of Lord Gwyn, was the sworn enemy of Seath the Scaleless. He despised magic, and made certain to devise means of counteraction."
Spell	Karmic Justice	"Miracle of the black-haired witch Velka. Temporary auto counter vs. heavy damage.\nFor each sin there is a punishment, and it is the task of Goddess Velka to define the sin, and mete out the punishment."
Spell	Tranquil Walk of Peace	"Outland miracle, foreign to the Way of White. Slows all walking within effect area.\nThis miracle is normally used to flee, as it slows walking but does not affect attacks, but nevertheless defines peace perfectly."
Spell	Vow of Silence	"Secret rite of the black-haired witch Velka. Prevents casting of magic within effect area.\nVelka, the Goddess of Sin, is a rogue deity, but she is versed in arts both new and old, and is considered to have a great range of influence even as gods are concerned."
Spell	Sunlight Blade	"Miracle wielded by Lord Gwyn's firstborn. Boost right weapon with rays of Sun.\nThe power of sunlight, manifested as lightning, is very effective against dragons. When the eldest son was stripped of his deific status, he left this on his father's coffin, perhaps as a final farewell."
Spell	Darkmoon Blade	"Miracle granted to those bound by covenant to Gwyndolin, Lord Gwyn's lastborn. Boost right weapon with rays of Darkmoon.\nThe power of the rays of the Darkmoon are manifested in vengeance, and the deeper the animus, the more devastating the attack."
Weapon	Dagger	"Weapon type: Dagger Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nThis standard small dagger has only a modest attack but can be jabbed in rapid succession, and is effective in critical hits such as after a parry or when stabbing in the back. With both slash and thrust attacks, this dagger is useful in various situations."
Weapon	Parrying Dagger	"Weapon type: Dagger Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nThis dagger is useful after parrying and is normally equipped in the left hand.\nA favorite of the knights of Carim, who are famous for fighting without a shield."
Weapon	Ghost Blade	Weapon type: Dagger Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nThe ghosts of New Londo clutch this wickedly sharp dagger with their bony hands and make mincemeat of the living.\nOne of the cursed weapons which can inflict damage upon ghosts.\n
Weapon	Bandit's Knife	"Weapon type: Dagger Attack type: Slash\nThis wide single-edged shortsword is the favorite of lowly thieves and bandits.\nPrimarily a slicing weapon, but highly effective when used for critical hits, such as after parrying or from behind."
Weapon	Priscilla's Dagger	"Weapon type: Dagger Attack type: Slash\nThis sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, came from the tail of Priscilla, the Dragon Crossbreed in the painted world of Ariamis. Possessing the power of lifehunt, it dances about when wielded, in a fashion reminiscent of the white-robed painting guardians."
Weapon	Shortsword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThis small straight sword is widely used, to an extent only matched by the longsword.\nAn accessible sword which inflicts consistent regular damage and high slash damage, making it applicable to a variety of situations."
Weapon	Longsword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nWidely-used standard straight sword, only matched in ubiquity by the shortsword.\nAn accessible sword which inflicts consistent regular damage and high slash damage, making it applicable to a variety of situations."
Weapon	Broadsword	Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular\nThe wide blade of this straight sword emphasizes slicing and has no thrust attack.\nThe horizontal sweeping motion makes this sword effective against multiple enemies.
Weapon	Broken Straight Sword	Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nHalf of the blade of this straight sword is broken off.\nOnly the completely Hollowed would even consider using this as a weapon.
Weapon	Balder Side Sword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThe knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder wielded these rock-solid, long swords which are excellent for thrust attacks. Balder was the home of Knight King Rendal, but the kingdom was reduced to ruins after a widespread outbreak of Undead."
Weapon	Sunlight Straight Sword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThis standard longsword, belonging to Solaire of Astora, is of high quality, is well- forged, and has been kept in good repair.\nEasy-to-use and dependable, but unlikely to live up to its grandiose name."
Weapon	Barbed Straight Sword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Thrust\nThe choice weapon of the infamous Darkwraith Kirk, also known as the Knight of Thorns for the gnarly spikes on his favorite weapon.\nThis frightful sword deals only thrust attacks, and causes heavy bleeding."
Weapon	Silv. Knight Str. Sword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular\nThe silver knights of Anor Londo guard the city using this beautifully slender weapon.\nIts chain attacks, in which the wielder takes great advancing steps and makes use of his bodyweight, are deadly even in single hits."
Weapon	Astora's Straight Sword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nStraight sword of an unknown knight, likely one of Astora's superiors.\nHigh-quality weapon with a powerful blessing."
Weapon	Darksword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular\nThe sword of the knights of the Four Kings of New Londo. Its blade is wide and thick, and it is wielded in an unusual manner. When the Four Kings were seduced by evil, their knights became Darkwraiths, servants of the Dark who wielded these darkswords.\n"
Weapon	Drake Sword	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular\nThis sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, is formed by a drake's tail. Drakes are seen as undeveloped imitators of the dragons, but in they are likely their distant kin. The sword is imbued with a mystical power, to be released when held with both hands."
Weapon	Straight Sword Hilt	"Weapon type: Straight Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThe hilt of this lost sword was found discarded in the Undead Asylum.\nOnly slightly better than one's bare hands, and not recommended for extensive use. Be certain to find a replacement quickly."
Weapon	Bastard Sword	Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nThis standard greatsword is normally wielded with two hands due to its great weight.\nUsually swung in large arcs and effective against multiple foes. Far from ideal when fighting in tight quarters.
Weapon	Claymore	Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThis larger type of greatsword is normally wielded with two hands due to its weight.\nThis highly flexible greatsword can be used to attack in swings or thrusts.
Weapon	Man-serpent Greatsword	Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nThis single-bladed blood-stained greatsword is the choice weapon of the slithering serpent men of Sen's Fortress.\nAn ordinary human will have great difficulty swinging this heavy beast effectively.
Weapon	Flamberge	Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Slash\nThis greatsword with an undulating blade is the choice weapon of the slithering serpent men of Sen's Fortress.\nThis weapon is designed to flay the skin and causes heavy bleeding.
Weapon	Crystal Greatsword	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nA fully crystallized straight sword. How such a weapon was created is entirely unknown. The crystallization boosts its attack, but makes the blade brittle. The sword cannot be used for long, as it cannot be repaired."
Weapon	Stone Greatsword	Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nThe stone knights who guard the Darkroot Garden wield this moss-covered greatsword.\nThe same magic which created the stone knights is imbued in the sword. Unleash this power by wielding the sword with two hands.
Weapon	Greatsword of Artorias	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nSword born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias.\nSir Artorias hunted the Darkwraiths, and his sword strikes harder against dark servants."
Weapon	Greatsword of Artorias	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nSword born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias.\nSir Artorias hunted the Darkwraiths, and his sword strikes harder against dark servants."
Weapon	Great Lord Greatsword	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nGreatsword born from the soul of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder. As bearer of the ultimate soul, Gwyn wielded the bolts of the sun, but before linking the fire, divided that power amongst his children, and set off with only this greatsword as his companion."
Weapon	Moonlight Greatsword	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nThis sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, came from the tail of Seath the Scaleless, the pale white dragon who betrayed his own. Seath is the grandfather of sorcery, and this sword is imbued with his magic, which shall be unleashed as a wave of moonlight."
Weapon	Black Knight Sword	Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nGreatsword of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.\nThe large motion that puts the weight of the body into the attack reflects the great size of their adversaries long ago.
Weapon	Greatsword of Artorias	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nSword born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias. The sword can damage ghosts, as it was cursed when Artorias joined a covenant with the creatures of the Abyss."
Weapon	Great Lord Greatsword	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nGreatsword born from the soul of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder. As bearer of the ultimate soul, Gwyn wielded the bolts of the sun, but before linking the fire, divided that power amongst his children, and set off with only this greatsword as his companion."
Weapon	Zweihander	"Weapon type: Ultra Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nOne of the gigantic straight greatswords.\nAs the name suggests, the Zweihander is held with two hands, but its wielder must still be inhumanly strong. It is this great weight that sends foes flying when hit solidly."
Weapon	Greatsword	"Weapon type: Ultra Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nOne of the gigantic straight greatswords.\nVery few have what it takes to wield this incredibly heavy, damage-dealing monster. A favorite of the Knights Berenike, known for their heavy armor, and Black Iron Tarkus."
Weapon	Demon Great Machete	"Weapon type: Ultra Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nThe lesser Capra demons use these greatswords in pairs. The blade is cast iron and hooked.\nThe sword is imbued with no particular magic, but for those who have the strength, its great weight will smash foes mercilessly."
Weapon	Dragon Greatsword	"Weapon type: Ultra Greatsword Attack type: Regular\nThis sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, came from the tail of the stone dragon of Ash Lake, descendant of the ancient dragons.\nIts great mystical power will be unleashed when wielded with two hands."
Weapon	Black Knight Greatsword	Weapon type: Ultra Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nGreatsword of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.\nThe large motion that puts the weight of the body into the attack reflects the great size of their adversaries long ago.\n
Weapon	Scimitar	"Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash\nSmall curved sword. Each hit inflicts little damage, but fluid chain attacks are deadly.\nThe scimitar's sharp slashing attacks are effective against cloth and flesh, but not against metal armor or tough scales.\n\n"
Weapon	Falchion	"Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash\nSmall curved sword. Each hit inflicts little damage, but fluid chain attacks are deadly.\nThe falchion's sharp slashing attacks are effective against cloth and flesh, but not against metal armor or tough scales."
Weapon	Shotel	"Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash\nCurved sword with sharply curved blade.\nCreated by Arstor, Earl of Carim. Requires great skill to wield, but evades shield defense to sneak in damage."
Weapon	Jagged Ghost Blade	Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nJagged blade wielded by New Londo ghosts. Violent thrust attack.\nOne of the cursed weapons. Inflicts damage to ghosts.
Weapon	Painting Guardian Sword	"Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash\nCurved sword of Anor Londo painting guards. Unique shape with flat tip. The guardians, who strike down those who dare threaten the paintings, attack in a continuous, circular dancing motion, a technique passed down through generations."
Weapon	Quelaag's Furysword	"Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash\nA curved sword born from the soul of Quelaag, daughter of the Witch of Izalith, who was transformed into a chaos demon. Like Quelaag's body, the sword features shells, spikes, and a coating of chaos fire. Power affected by wielder's humanity.\n"
Weapon	Server	Weapon type: Curved Greatsword Attack type: Slash\nA curved greatsword used in a mysterious ancient rite.\nImbued with a frightful occult energy which restores HP with each hit.
Weapon	Murakumo	"Weapon type: Curved Greatsword Attack type: Slash\nGiant curved sword forged using special methods in an Eastern land. This unparalleled weapon cuts like a Katana but is heavier than a Nata machete. Requires extreme strength, dexterity, and stamina to wield."
Weapon	Gravelord Sword	"Weapon type: Curved Greatsword Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nSword wielded only by servants of Gravelord Nito, the first of the dead. Crafted from the bones of the fallen.\nThe miasma of death exudes from the sword, a veritable toxin to any living being."
Weapon	???	King's Greatswords
Weapon	Uchigatana	"Weapon type: Katana Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nKatana forged in an Eastern land. Known for its brisk slashing motions.\nThe Uchigatana cuts beautifully and causes bleeding, but its blade is easily nicked.\n\n\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Washing Pole	"Weapon type: Katana Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nKatana forged in an Eastern land. Very unusual specimen with a long blade.\nThe blade is extremely long, but as a result, quite easily broken.\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Iaito	"Weapon type: Katana Attack type: Slash\nKatana forged in an Eastern land. The Katana is drawn from the scabbard at lightning speed, using an Iaijutsu technique.\nIaijutsu allows the wielder to charge forward to swiftly cut down distant foes."
Weapon	Chaos Blade	"Weapon type: Katana Attack type: Slash\nA curved sword born from the soul of Quelaag, daughter of the Witch of Izalith, who was transformed into a chaos demon. This blade inherits only the chaotic nature of Quelaag, and has a unique speckled design. Blade wielder erodes along with opponents."
Weapon	Mail Breaker	"Weapon type: Thrusting Sword Attack type: Thrust\nStandard small thrusting sword. Unsharpened but pointed solid shaft can pierce tough armor.\nCan be thrust using the weight of one's body, and is very effective for critical attacks.\n"
Weapon	Rapier	"Weapon type: Thrusting Sword Attack type: Thrust\nStandard thrusting sword. Regular one-handed attack can be delivered with shield held up. Can parry with use of left hand.\nThrusting attacks pierce and are effective against foes with hard exteriors, but the wielder is left open to damage after a swing."
Weapon	Estoc	"Weapon type: Thrusting Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThe largest of the thrusting swords. Can pierce an armored knight in one thrust.\nThe blade is also sharp, allowing slicing as well."
Weapon	Velka's Rapier	"Weapon type: Thrusting Sword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nA symbolic, powerful thrusting sword used by the Pardoner serving Velka, Goddess of Sin. It is no mere symbol to be sure; the Pardoner is an inhuman swordsman, and wields this enchanted blade with special sword technique."
Weapon	Ricard's Rapier	"Weapon type: Thrusting Sword Attack type: Thrust\nA rapier with intricate decorations. Chosen weapon of the infamous Undead Prince Ricard. Ricard's exploits are told in a monomyth. He was born into royalty, but wandered the lands in a fateful ill-conceived journey. He became Undead, and disappeared up North.\n"
Weapon	Hand Axe	"Weapon type: Axe Attack type: Regular\nSmall hand axe. Appears identical to a lumberjack's tool, but has an ideal weight and strength, and is easy to handle. One wrong swing leaves the wielder wide open, so timing and proximity to the enemy must be judged carefully."
Weapon	Battle Axe	"Weapon type: Axe Attack type: Regular\nStandard battle axe. Inflicts regular damage, making it effective in various situations. Powerful attack due to its weight, but one wrong swing leaves the wielder wide open, so timing and proximity to the enemy must be judged carefully."
Weapon	Crescent Axe	Weapon type: Axe Attack type: Regular\nWell-used old bronze battle axe with a long hilt and a crescent-shaped blade.\nOne of the blessed weapons of the Way of White. The Crescent Axe is bequeathed to cleric warriors who have proven their faith.
Weapon	Butcher Knife	Weapon type: Axe Attack type: Regular\nGiant butcher knife wielded by the Undead man-eating cook lurking in the Depths. More a tool for subduing and preparing live catches than an actual weapon. Those who have faced this deadly blade have a deeper sense of how helpless prey must feel.
Weapon	Golem Axe	"Weapon type: Axe Attack type: Regular\nAn axe born from the soul of the Iron Golem, guardian of Sen's Fortress who repelled countless heroes who sought Anor Londo. Its powerful one-handed attack imitates the golem's blade of wind, but the heavy iron blade makes it quite unwieldy."
Weapon	Gargoyle Tail Axe	"Weapon type: Axe Attack type: Regular\nSliced tail of the gargoyle guarding the Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church or patrolling in Anor Londo.\nCan be used as a bronze battle axe. Bends dramatically during large attacks, owing to its nature as a tail."
Weapon	Greataxe	"Weapon type: Greataxe Attack type: Regular\nThis greataxe is a veritable mass of iron. Its weight sends foes flying, but makes it difficult to handle without inhuman strength.\nAny miss makes one very vulnerable, as each swing requires the full force of the body.\n"
Weapon	Demon's Greataxe	"Weapon type: Greataxe Attack type: Regular\nCarved from the bones of fellow demons. Wielded by the lesser Taurus demons.\nThis axe is imbued with no special power, but can merrily beat foes to a pulp, providing you have the strength to wield it."
Weapon	Dragon King Greataxe	"Weapon type: Greataxe Attack type: Regular\nThis axe, one of the rare dragon weapons, is formed by the tail of the Gaping Dragon, a distant, deformed descendant of the everlasting dragons. The axe is imbued with a mystical power, to be released when held with both hands."
Weapon	Black Knight Greataxe	Weapon type: Greataxe Attack type: Regular\nGreataxe of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.\nThe large motion that puts the weight of the body into the attack reflects the great size of their adversaries long ago.
Weapon	Club	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Strike\nA simple wooden club. This simple bladeless strike weapon is effective against most foes, is easily handled, and can break the guard of a shield. However, a single miss makes one wide open, so timing and proximities are crucial."
Weapon	Mace	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Strike\nIron hammer with a protrusive pommel. Standard weapon for clerics. This simple bladeless strike weapon is effective against most foes, and can break the guard of a shield. However, one miss leaves one wide open.\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Morning Star	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Thrust\nHammer with a sharp spike on its pommel. One of the more barbaric cleric weapons.\nUniquely, this hammer inflicts thrust damage, and causes bleeding."
Weapon	Warpick	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Thrust\nHammer with a large beak-shaped pommel. Originally a pickaxe; redesigned for battle.\nThis simple but deadly weapon hits heavily with thrust damage, such that it easily cracks metal armor.\n"
Weapon	Pickaxe	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Thrust\nTraditionally a mining tool, but the hard cone on the pommel is effective in battle.\nA downward swing of the Pickaxe can crush stone; a human head would be an afterthought.\n\n\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Reinforced Club	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Strike\nA club with leather nailed to the pommel. The burg Undead merchant proudly peddles this club, but its reinforcement is shoddy. Indeed, its attack is stronger, but the club is no longer dependably sturdy.\n"
Weapon	Blacksmith Hammer	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Strike\nMetal hammer of Andre of Astora, blacksmith at the Old Church.\nCan be used as a strike weapon, but better left in the hands of its talented owner."
Weapon	Blacksmith Giant Hammer	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Strike\nWooden hammer of the giant blacksmith in Anor Londo who handles lightning weapons.\nThe giant blacksmith forges with this wooden hammer, as it would be hazardous to handle lightning weapons with metals."
Weapon	Hammer of Vamos	"Weapon type: Hammer Attack type: Strike\nMetal hammer of Vamos, a skeleton blacksmith deep within the Catacombs who rarely speaks.\nCan be used as a strike weapon, but better left in the hands of its talented owner.\n"
Weapon	Great Club	"Weapon type: Great Hammer Attack type: Strike\nGiant tree branch serves as a wooden club. Smashes enemies from upside the head.\nThe leaping attack is a trademark of clubs, and this giant club is no exception.\n\n"
Weapon	Grant	"Weapon type: Great Hammer Attack type: Strike\nA legendary weapon of the Way of White, granted to an Undead paladin long ago.\nThis mass of iron can only be lifted by those with inhuman strength, but it is blessed, and very effective against agents of Dark."
Weapon	Demon's Great Hammer	"Weapon type: Great Hammer Attack type: Strike\nDemon weapon built from the stone archtrees. Used by lesser demons at North Undead Asylum.\nThis hammer is imbued with no special power, but can merrily beat foes to a pulp, providing you have the strength to wield it."
Weapon	Dragon Tooth	"Weapon type: Great Hammer Attack type: Strike\nCreated from an everlasting dragon tooth. Legendary great hammer of Havel the Rock.\nThe dragon tooth will never break as it is harder than stone, and it grants its wielder resistance to magic and flame.\n"
Weapon	Large Club	"Weapon type: Great Hammer Attack type: Strike\nLarge wooden club.\nThe giant Undead of Blighttown wield these clubs, which became poisonous from the influence of their surroundings."
Weapon	Smough's Hammer	"Weapon type: Great Hammer Attack type: Strike\nGreat hammer from the soul of executioner Smough, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo. Smough loved his work, and ground the bones of his victims into his own feed, ruining his hopes of being ranked with the Four Knights.\n\n"
Weapon	Fists	Bare fists
Weapon	Caestus	"Weapon type: Fists Attack type: Strike\nThe weapon augments one's bare hands with thick, studded leather.\nThe Caestus has a short reach, but quick cool down. Amount of damage inflicted is dependent on its wearer's strength.\n"
Weapon	Claw	"Weapon type: Fists Attack type: Slash\nA weapon formed by three sharp claws.\nAttacks cause bleeding, and the wounds inflicted are not easily mended. Preferred weapon of the spooks of an Eastern land."
Weapon	Dragon Bone Fist	"Weapon type: Fists Attack type: Strike\nA weapon from the soul of the Iron Golem, guardian of Sen's Fortress who repelled countless heroes who sought Anor Londo. The Gods fused the power of the soul with the great bones of the dragons, forming an appropriate core for the giant golem.\n"
Weapon	Dark Hand	"Weapon type: Fists Attack type: Strike\nThe Darkwraiths, incited by Kaathe, use the power of the dark soul to absorb humanity, an art shared by this weapon, which also acts as a special shield. The ancients, particularly, could sap the humanity of even a replete saint in the blink of an eye."
Weapon	Spear	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nStandard spear used commonly by soldiers. Long reach, and can be used with shield up. Effective against hard exteriors, and can hit for high damage at the right moment of an enemy's swing. But the hit radius is small, and it is easily blocked by shields."
Weapon	Winged Spear	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nA long-hilted spear with a barbed point. Long reach, and can be used with shield up. Effective against hard exteriors, and hits for high damage at the right moment of an enemy's swing. But the hit radius is small, and it is easily blocked by shields.\n\n\n"
Weapon	Partizan	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nSpear with blade attached to broad point. Boasts long reach, and can slice.\nThe wide range of this spear makes it adaptable to many situations. Its strength lies in its length, but in cramped quarters, this backfires, and slices ricochet off walls.\n\n\n"
Weapon	Demon's Spear	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nCarved from the bones of fellow demons. Wielded by the slim lesser Batwing demons.\nThe weapon of these chaos demons wandering Anor Londo are different from those of other chaos demons, and are imbued with lightning."
Weapon	Channeler's Trident	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nTrident of the Six-eyed Channelers, sorcerers who serve Seath the Scaleless in collecting human specimens. Thrusted in circular motions in a unique martial arts dance that stirs nearby allies into a bloodthirsty frenzy."
Weapon	Silver Knight Spear	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThe silver knights of Anor Londo guard the city using this beautifully slender weapon.\nThe spear can be wielded by both hands in a focused thrust that uses one's body weight, or swung in a large sweeping motion.\n"
Weapon	Pike	"Weapon type: Long Spear Attack type: Thrust\nLong spear with a very long red hilt. Traditionally used by groups of soldiers. Specially designed for distance thrusting. Has the longest range of the non-projectile weapons, but its very length makes it somewhat difficult to handle.\n"
Weapon	Dragonslayer Spear	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nCross spear born from the soul of Ornstein, a Dragonslayer guarding Anor Londo cathedral. Inflicts lightning damage; effective against dragons. Two-handed thrust relies on cross and buries spear deep within a dragon's hide, and sends human foes flying.\n"
Weapon	Moonlight Butterfly Horn	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nWeapon born from the mystical creature of the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.\nThe horns of the butterfly, a being created by Seath, are imbued with a pure magic power."
Weapon	Dragonslayer Spear	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nCross spear born from the soul of Ornstein, a Dragonslayer guarding Anor Londo cathedral. Inflicts lightning damage; effective against dragons. Two-handed thrust relies on cross and buries spear deep within a dragon's hide, and sends human foes flying.\n"
Weapon	Halberd	"Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nLong-hilted weapon mixing spear and axe is difficult to handle, requiring both strength and dexterity. The Halberd has two elementary attacks: spear-like thrusting and large sweeping swings. However, one false swing and the wielder is left wide open."
Weapon	Giant's Halberd	"Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nLarge halberd made of old brass, used by the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.\nBrass contains traces of lightning, but as the halberd is designed for the giant sentinels, its weight is unbearable."
Weapon	Titanite Catch Pole	"Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Regular\nWeapon of the titanite demon, a faceless stone monster born from titanite slab. One of the enchanted weapons, perhaps from residual power of the titanite slab. Known for its leaping attack which comes smashing down on foes from above."
Weapon	Gargoyle's Halberd	Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Regular\nHalberd of the gargoyle guarding the Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church.\nPerfectly standard bronze halberd without any special power.
Weapon	Black Knight Halberd	Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Slash\nHalberd of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.\nThe large motion that puts the weight of the body into the attack reflects the great size of their adversaries long ago.
Weapon	Lucerne	"Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Thrust\nHalberd with a large, hard beak-like protrusion. Inflicts thrust damage. Instead of thrusting like a spear, the wielder of the Lucerne aims to club the head with its hard beak.\n\n\n"
Weapon	Scythe	"Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Slash\nHalberd with a large blade. Scythe adjusted for battle.\nDesigned especially for slicing. However, one false swing leaves one wide open.\n\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Great Scythe	Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Slash\nWeapon with a long curved blade. Converted from a wheat-harvesting tool.\nThe magnificent sharp curved blade instills fear in opponents. Perhaps it is their survival instinct at work.
Weapon	Lifehunt Scythe	"Weapon type: Halberd Attack type: Slash\nScythe born from the soul of Priscilla, the stark white crossbreed trapped inside the Painted World of Ariamis. Even the Gods feared Priscilla's lifehunt ability, and in the hands of a mortal, its power will turn upon its wielder.\n"
Weapon	Short Bow	Weapon type: Bow Attack type: none\nSmall bow. Standard projectile weapon. Equip arrows to use.\nHold bow and press <?platmsg@10002?> to aim. Aim for heads of humanoid foes. Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of arrows.
Weapon	Longbow	Weapon type: Bow Attack type: none\nLarge bow. Projectile weapon for experienced hunters. Equip arrows to use.\nHold bow and press <?platmsg@10002?> to aim. Aim for heads of humanoid foes. Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of arrows.
Weapon	Black Bow of Pharis	"Weapon type: Bow Attack type: none\nThe preferred black bow of the heroic archer Pharis.\nHas a longer range than standard bows, but is more difficult to use. Without proper abilities, results will be underwhelming."
Weapon	Dragonslayer Greatbow	"Weapon type: Greatbow Attack type: none\nBow of the Dragonslayers, led by Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThis bow's unusual size requires that it be anchored to the ground when fired. Only uses specialized great arrows."
Weapon	Composite Bow	"Weapon type: Bow Attack type: none\nComposite bow emphasizing power. Requires more strength than standard bows.\nHowever, its range is shorter, making it unfit for sniping."
Weapon	Darkmoon Bow	"Weapon type: Bow Attack type: none\nBow born from the soul of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity who watches over the abandoned city of Gods, Anor Londo.\nThis golden bow is imbued with powerful magic and is most impressive with Moonlight Arrows."
Weapon	Light Crossbow	"Weapon type: Crossbow Attack type: none\nStandard crossbow issued to soldiers. While bows require both hands, a crossbow is held in one, but arming each bolt takes time.\nEquip bolts to use. Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of bolt."
Weapon	Heavy Crossbow	"Weapon type: Crossbow Attack type: none\nPowerful large crossbow. While bows require both hands, a crossbow is held in one, but arming each bolt takes time.\nEquip bolts to use. Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of bolt."
Weapon	Avelyn	"Weapon type: Crossbow Attack type: none\nRepeating crossbow cherished by the weapon craftsman Eidas. Its elaborate design makes it closer to a work of art than a weapon. Intricate mechanism makes heavy damage possible through triple-shot firing of bolts, but in fact each bolt inflicts less damage.\n\n"
Weapon	Sniper Crossbow	"Weapon type: Crossbow Attack type: none\nLarge crossbow with long distance used by Carim snipers. Often used with sniper bolts.\nBut while crossbows are normally easy to use, the Sniper Crossbow requires dexterity."
Weapon	Sorcerer's Catalyst	Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nSorcery catalyst used by sorcerers of Vinheim Dragon School.\nEquip catalyst to use sorceries. Attune sorceries from a scroll at a bonfire. Most sorceries have limited no. of uses.
Weapon	Beatrice's Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nCatalyst belonging to Beatrice, the rogue witch. Contrasts with Vinheim catalysts.\nThis ancient catalyst shows signs of being used for age-old sorceries. It has passed the hands of many generations to get here."
Weapon	Tin Banishment Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Thrust\nCatalyst of the banishment sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal off away the Darkwraiths and the Kings who fell to Dark. In contrast to other catalysts, the metal catalyst qualifies as a weapon, as it inflicts physical damage, however small."
Weapon	Logan's Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nCatalyst of Big Hat Logan, the great sorcerer and seeker of knowledge. Originally the same catalyst employed by the Vinheim sorcerers, only terribly strengthened over time due to Logan's use. Very powerful when used by one of superior intelligence."
Weapon	Tin Darkmoon Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nCatalyst born from the soul of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity who watches over the abandoned city of Gods, Anor Londo. Gwyndolin is Gwyn's lastborn and a legitimate god, but he is also a Moon sorcerer, and this wand is boosted by faith, not intelligence.\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Oolacile Ivory Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nSorcery catalyst of lost land of Oolacile. Formed by enchanted whitebark branches.\nThe whitebark boosts sorcery adjustment, but the sorceries of this lost land are gentle and not affected by intelligence.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Tin Crystallization Ctlyst.	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Thrust\nCatalyst imbued in terrifying crystal magic. Used by Logan after his fixation on Seath.\nMakes all sorceries incredibly powerful, but demands extremely high intelligence from its wielder, and halves sorcery usages."
Weapon	Demon's Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Thrust\nDemon catalyst formed from Izalith molten rock. Can be used as fire weapon. The Demon Firesage was the first demon, and the last master of the original fire arts, before the Witch of Izalith was engulfed by Chaos, creating pyromancy."
Weapon	Izalith Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nCatalyst of the Witch of Izalith of long ago, when her daughters were still flame witches, before they were engulfed by the Chaos Flame. Before the birth of pyromancy, their wands were mediums for sorcery, but knowledge of this flame sorcery has long since vanished.\n\n\n"
Weapon	Pyromancy Flame	Weapon type: Pyromancy Flame Attack type: Strike\nFlame medium used by Great Swamp pyromancers. Pyromancers arouse this flame to produce various fire arts. Equip pyromancer flame to produce pyromancy. Attune pyromancies from a scroll at bonfire. Most pyromancies have limited no. of uses.\n\n
Weapon	Pyromancy Flame	"Weapon type: Pyromancy Flame Attack type: Strike\nPyromancy flame drawing upon the latent power of Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy. For the pyromancer, a flame is a precious thing indeed, to be nurtured, often for an entire lifetime. When the flame is shared, it creates an eternal bond between the parties."
Weapon	Talisman	Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. Standard talisman issued to common believers.\nEquip talisman to cast miracles. Attune miracles from a scroll at a bonfire. Most miracles have limited no. of uses.
Weapon	Canvas Talisman	Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. Canvas Talisman is for clerics on pilgrimage.\nEquip talisman to cast miracles. Attune miracles from a scroll at a bonfire. Most miracles have limited no. of uses.
Weapon	Thorolund Talisman	"Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. This talisman is only granted to high- ranking Thorolund clerics. Has high miracle adjustment which, thanks to divine protection, is not dependent upon faith."
Weapon	Ivory Talisman	"Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. Ivory Talismans are granted only to female clerics, and their value is affected dramatically by their owner's faith."
Weapon	Gwynevere's Talisman	Dragon Talismans
Weapon	Sunlight Talisman	"Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. The talisman of Solaire of Astora, the Knight of Sunlight, is decorated with a holy symbol, illustrated by Solaire himself. This talisman is a projection of Solaire's upstanding, unwavering faith.\n"
Weapon	Darkmoon Talisman	"Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. Granted to Darkmoon Blade knights, adherents to the Covenant of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin. This talisman demands dutiful faith from its owner, but has very high miracle adjustment."
Weapon	Velka's Talisman	"Weapon type: Talisman Attack type: Strike\nMedium for casting miracles of the Gods. This black tuft of hair that serves as a talisman belongs to Velka, Goddess of Sin. It casts miracles not by drawing upon faith, but intelligence."
Weapon	Skull Lantern	"Weapon type: Lantern Attack type: Strike\nSkull Lantern of the Catacombs necromancer. Droops from his long beard locks.\nThis lantern alights the Tomb of the Giants, Nito's light-devouring domain of death. Also serves as a fire damage strike weapon."
Weapon	East-West Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nWooden shield. Decorated with the ancient symbol of a double-headed eagle, painted yellow.\nWood shields are lighter than metal shields, but with lower physical damage reduction, and reduced shield stability."
Weapon	Wooden Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nVertically elongated wooden shield. Decorated with a white dragon.\nWood shields are lighter than metal shields, but with lower physical damage reduction, and reduced shield stability."
Weapon	Large Leather Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nLarge, leather-covered round shield. Choice shield for hunters.\nWood shields are lighter than metal shields, but with lower physical damage reduction, and reduced shield stability."
Weapon	Small Leather Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nSmall, leather-covered round shield, reinforced in critical spots with metal.\nSmall shields are always less stable, but landing critical hits after parry is easier."
Weapon	Target Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nSmall round metal shield. Four protrusions used to parry attacks.\nSmall shields are always less stable, but landing critical hits after parry is easier. This shield is specialized for parrying."
Weapon	Buckler	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nVery small round metal shield. Parry attacks with large center protrusion.\nSmall shields are always less stable, but landing critical hits after parry is easier. This shield is specialized for parrying.\n\n\n"
Weapon	Cracked Round Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nRound wooden shield. Cracked and nearly broken.\nWood shields are lighter than metal shields, but this one has lower physical damage reduction stability, partly due to cracking."
Weapon	Leather Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nRound leather-covered shield. A standard, widely-used shield.\nSmall shields are always less stable, but landing critical hits after parry is easier."
Weapon	Plank Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nMakeshift shield built from wood planks. Provides minimal protection, but at a cost of moderate humiliation."
Weapon	Caduceus Round Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nRound wooden shield crafted in Lordran. Decorated by an ancient blue Caduceus. The giant trees in Lordran are distant offspring of the great stone archtrees. This shield inherits their properties, and the wood greatly reduces magic damage."
Weapon	Crystal Ring Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nWeapon born from the mystical creature of the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly. Imbued with a powerful crystal power, like the butterfly created by Seath the Scaleless. Can emit crystal light rings."
Weapon	Heater Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nSmall metal shield. A standard, widely-used shield.\nThis shield is easy to use, and is one of the smallest shields that offers 100% physical damage reduction."
Weapon	Knight Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nThis medium metal shield is elegantly carved and painted. Although it is thought to have been used by ancient knights of the nobility, its defense capabilities are similar to other shields."
Weapon	Tower Kite Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nMedium metal shield. Decorated with a tower, the symbol of protection. A standard, widely-used shield.\n\n"
Weapon	Grass Crest Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nOld medium metal shield of unknown origin. The grass crest is lightly imbued with magic, which slightly speeds stamina recovery."
Weapon	Hollow Soldier Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nMetal shield wielded by Hollow soldiers. Heavily rusted but sturdy, providing a strong defense."
Weapon	Balder Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. Tweaked for improved stability. Balder was the home of Knight King Rendal, but the kingdom was reduced to ruins after a widespread outbreak of Undead."
Weapon	Crest Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of a nameless knight, likely a high-ranked knight of Astora.\nOne of the enchanted blue shields. The Crest Shield greatly reduces magic damage."
Weapon	Dragon Crest Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of a nameless knight, likely a high-ranked knight of Astora.\nOne of the enchanted blue shields. The Dragon Crest Shield greatly reduces fire damage."
Weapon	Warrior's Round Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nRound wooden shield crafted in Lordran. Decorated with the ancient Labrys axe. The giant trees in Lordran are distant offspring of the great stone archtrees. This shield inherits their properties, and the wood reduces magic damage.\n"
Weapon	Iron Round Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nThick iron shield of Shiva of the East. Heaviest of the standard shields. Deflects enemy attacks. A famous specimen from Shiva's collection, but none who have faced it have lived to tell the tale."
Weapon	Spider Shield	Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of the savage mountain bandits. Uniquely-shaped with a large black spider etched upon it. Has resistance to poison.
Weapon	Spiked Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of the infamous Darkwraith Kirk, Knight of Thorns. Covered with spikes.\nCan be used as a weapon. Sharp spikes cause heavy bleeding."
Weapon	Crystal Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nA fully crystallized straight shield. How such a weapon was created is entirely unknown. The crystallization boosts its defense, but makes the shield brittle. The shield cannot be used for long, as it cannot be repaired.\n"
Weapon	Sunlight Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Decorated with a holy symbol, but Solaire illustrated it himself, and it has no divine powers of its own. As it turns out, Solaire's incredible prowess is a product of his own training, and nothing more."
Weapon	Silver Knight Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of the Silver Knights of Anor Londo. A flowing canal is carved deep into its face. The Silver Knights stayed behind in Anor Londo to defend the illusory goddess, and their shields are blessed with her divine protection.\n"
Weapon	Black Knight Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nShield of the Black Knights that wander Lordan. A flowing canal is chiseled deeply into its face. Long ago, the black knights faced the chaos demons, and were charred black, but their shields became highly resistant to fire."
Weapon	Pierce Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Thrust\nShield of certain knights of Catarina, used in attacks with a large protrusion in center.\nCan be used as a thrust weapon."
Weapon	Red and White Round Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nRound wooden shield crafted in Lordran featuring an impressive red and white design. The giant trees in Lordran are distant offspring of the great stone archtrees. This shield inherits their properties, and the wood greatly reduces magic damage."
Weapon	Caduceus Kite Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nMedium metal shield. Decorated by an ancient blue Caduceus. A standard, widely-used shield.\n\n"
Weapon	Gargoyle's Shield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nBronze shield of the gargoyle guarding the Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church. The gargoyle's skin is tough by itself, and perhaps its shield may have been a prop, for it is a rare example of a metal shield that does not reduce physical damage 100%.\n\n\n\n"
Weapon	Eagle Shield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nGreatshield with an eagle design. Lightest and easiest greatshield to handle.\nGreatshields are very stable, and deflect attacks. But one cannot parry, and instead bashes with the shield."
Weapon	Tower Shield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nMetal greatshield. Used by Knight Berenike, known for his heavy armor. This thick plate of iron is heavily defensive but ultra heavy. Greatshields are very stable, and deflect attacks. However, one cannot parry, and instead bashes with the shield.\n"
Weapon	Giant Shield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nGreatshield made of bronze and marcasite. Used by giant sentinels of Anor Londo. Marcasite, or white iron, is effective against non-physical damage, but as the shield is designed for the giant sentinels, its weight is unbearable."
Weapon	Stone Greatshield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nMossy round greatshield used by the guardian of the Darkroot Garden, the Stone Knight. The Stone Knight is a creation of ancient magic, and this shield is imbued with the same power, but is also extremely heavy."
Weapon	Havel's Greatshield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nGreatshield of the legendary Havel the Rock. Cut straight from a great slab of stone. This greatshield is imbued with the magic of Havel, provides strong defense, and is incredibly heavy. A true divine heirloom on par with the Dragon Tooth."
Weapon	Bonewheel Shield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nGiant wooden wheel encircled by spikes. Half-melded to a strange skeleton.\nCan be used as a greatshield, only for the great gaps. But at least the spikes turn into weapons with a good spin. Strange indeed!"
Weapon	Greatshield of Artorias	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nShield born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias. Boasts consistent defense and divine protection against various status effects.\n\n"
Weapon	Whip	"Weapon type: Whip Attack type: Regular\nLeather whip. Not intended for battle.\nVirtually ineffective against armor and tough scales, but quite formidable against enemies with exposed skin."
Weapon	Notched Whip	"Weapon type: Whip Attack type: Regular\nWhip with sharp spikes.\nOnly slightly effective against armor and tough scales, but quite formidable against enemies with exposed skin. Also causes heavy bleeding."
Weapon	Standard Arrow	Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nStandard arrow. Arrows must be equipped to be fired.
Weapon	Large Arrow	"Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nLarge arrow. Heavier arrows cause more damage, but have a shorter range."
Weapon	Feather Arrow	Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nRed feather arrows of the Lord's hunters. Their long range makes them effective for sniping.\n
Weapon	Fire Arrow	Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nArrows fired with flaming tips. Inflicts fire damage.
Weapon	Poison Arrow	"Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nArrow with point dipped in poison. Ensures the demise of prey in a hunt, or the target in an assassination. Once an enemy is poisoned, one need only wait."
Weapon	Moonlight Arrow	"Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nArrow granted to those bound by Covenant to the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, Lord Gwyn's lastborn. Moonlight Arrows glow silver, and inflict magic damage."
Weapon	Wooden Arrow	"Weapon type: Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nStandard arrow. These arrows do not fly particularly far, nor do they inflict a terrible amount of damage, but their cheap cost makes them useful when volume is required."
Weapon	Dragonslayer Arrow	"Weapon type: Great Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nGiant dragon-hunting arrows, resembling iron spears. Used by Hawkeye Gough and his Dragonslayers, they puncture human flesh easily. Dragonslayer Arrows can only be used with the Dragonslayer Greatbow, and vice-versa."
Weapon	Gough's Great Arrow	"Weapon type: Great Arrow Attack type: Thrust\nGreat arrow used by Hawkeye Gough, one of Lord Gwyn's Four Knights, for dragon slaying. Requires Greatbow.\nGough personally crafts each stone tip, and wraps the shaft tightly with tree bark."
Weapon	Arrow	
Weapon	Standard Bolt	Weapon type: Bolt Attack type: Thrust\nStandard crossbow bolt. Used mainly with the Light Crossbow.\nEquip crossbow with a bolt to fire.
Weapon	Heavy Bolt	"Weapon type: Bolt Attack type: Thrust\nLarge bolt. Used mainly with the Heavy Crossbow.\nThese weighty bolts inflict high damage, but have reduced range."
Weapon	Sniper Bolt	Weapon type: Bolt Attack type: Thrust\nRed feather bolts used with the Sniper Crossbow. Their long range makes them effective for sniping.\n
Weapon	Wood Bolt	"Weapon type: Bolt Attack type: Thrust\nBasic wood bolt.\nThese bolts do not fly particularly far, nor do they inflict a terrible amount of damage, but their cheap cost makes them useful when volume is required.\n"
Weapon	Lightning Bolt	"Weapon type: Bolt Attack type: Thrust\nSpecial bolts imbued with lightning, crafted by the giant blacksmith of Anor Londo.\nThe giant blacksmith has never seen a crossbow, but remembers the specifications of the bolts requested by ancient warriors.\n"
Weapon	Bolt	
Weapon	Effigy Shield	"Weapon type: Small Shield Attack type: Strike\nFrightful occult shield. Defends against divine weapons and lightning.\nIn an ill-fated plot to destroy the very gods, the followers of the occult once attempted to steal the power of Gravelord Nito, the first of the dead."
Weapon	Sanctus	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nA legendary weapon of the Way of White, granted to an Undead paladin long ago.\nOnce blessed with the protection of a white flame, but its power has all but faded, so that it provides only slight HP recovery."
Weapon	Bloodshield	"Weapon type: Shield Attack type: Strike\nThe bloodshield spoken of in the lost legends. The red of blood is slightly enchanted, and boosts various resistances."
Weapon	Black Iron Greatshield	Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nGreatshield of the mighty knight Tarkus.\nBuilt of special black iron and even heavier than Knight Berenike's tower shield. Especially resistant to fire attacks and effective for shield bashing.
Weapon	Gold Tracer	"Weapon type: Curved Sword Attack type: Slash\nCurved sword used by the Lord's Blade Ciaran, one of Lord Gwyn's Four Knights.\nCiaran brandishes her sword in a mesmerizing dance, etching the darkness with dire streaks of gold."
Weapon	Dark Silver Tracer	"Weapon type: Dagger Attack type: Slash/Thrust\nA dark silver dagger used by the Lord's Blade Ciaran, of Gwyn's Four Knights.\nThe victim is first distracted by dazzling streaks of the Gold Tracer, then stung by the vicious poison of this dagger."
Weapon	Abyss Greatsword	"Weapon type: Greatsword Attack type: Regular/Thrust\nThis greatsword belonged to Lord Gwyn's Knight Artorias, who fell to the Abyss.\nSwallowed by the Dark with its master, this sword is tainted by the Abyss, and now its strength reflects its wielder's humanity."
Weapon	Cleansing Greatshield	"Weapon type: Greatshield Attack type: Strike\nThe steel greatshield used by Knight Artorias, who succumbed to the Abyss. Artorias, deeply scarred by the Abyss, used this to form a barrier to protect his compatriot Sif. Although this drained the shield, its magic defense remains high."
Weapon	Stone Greataxe	"Weapon type: Greataxe Attack type: Regular\nGreataxe borne by the stone knights who guard the forest Sanctuary.\nThis greataxe, requiring inhuman strength to wield and more fitted to manual labor than battle, is nevertheless completely lethal."
Weapon	Four-pronged Plow	"Weapon type: Spear Attack type: Thrust\nFour-pronged Plow wielded by the wooden scarecrows, serfs of the forest Sanctuary.\nThe scarecrow serfs would not normally use these four-pronged plows as weapons, but their sharpness makes them very deadly."
Weapon	Manus Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nA sorcery catalyst born from the soul of Manus, Father of the Abyss. A rough, old wooden catalyst large enough to be used as a strike weapon. Similar to the Tin Crystallization Catalyst, it boosts the strength of sorceries, but limits the number of castings."
Weapon	Oolacile Catalyst	"Weapon type: Catalyst Attack type: Strike\nEveryday Oolacile sorcery catalyst formed by several enchanted branches.\nBoosts sorcery adjustment, but lost land sorceries are not offensive, and attacks are not boosted by intelligence."
Weapon	Guardian Tail	"Weapon type: Whip Attack type: Regular\nSliced tail of the Sanctuary Guardian.\nThis flexible, spiked, and highly poisonous tail would make a rather obnoxious weapon."
Weapon	Obsidian Greatsword	"Weapon type: Greataxe Attack type: Regular\nThis greataxe, one of the rare dragon weapons, is formed by the tail of the one-eyed black dragon Kalameet, the last of the ancient dragons. The mystical power of its obsidian blade will be released when held with both hands."
Weapon	Gough's Greatbow	"Weapon type: Greatbow Attack type: none\nGreatbow used by Hawkeye Gough, of Lord Gwyn's Four Knights, for dragon slaying.\nThis bow is larger than even those used by the famed Dragonslayers. Only their leader, Gough, had the strength to handle it."
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
